CA2054325C	Antisense oligonucleotides for treatment of cancer	RI.alpha. antisense oligonucleotides ana pharmaceutical compositions thereof are disclosed. Methods for treating certain cancers in animals comprising administering to animals an effective amount of an RI.alpha.antisense oligonucleotide, or a pharmaceutical composition thereof, are also disclosed.
CA2073500C	Compositions and methods for detecting and modulating rna activity and gene expression	This invention relates to materials and methods for detecting and modulating the activity of RNA. The invention generally relates to the field of "antisense" compounds, compounds which are capable of specific hybridization with a nucleotide sequence of an RNA. In accordance with preferred embodiments, this invention is directed to the design, synthesis and application of oligonucleotides and to methods for achieving therapeutic treatment of disease, regulating gene expression in experimental systems, assaying for RNA and for RNA products through the employment of antisense interactions with such RNA, diagnosing diseases, modulating the production of proteins and cleaving RNA in site specific fashions.  It is well known that most of the bodily states in mammals including most disease states, are effected by proteins. Such proteins, either acting directly or through their enzymatic functions, contribute in major proportion to many diseases in animals and man. Classical therapeutics has generally focused upon interactions with such proteins in efforts to moderate
CA2098842C	Use of host cell phospholipids for inhibiting microbial colonization	Compounds and compositions for the in vitro and in vivo inhibition of microbial colonization are provided. In particular, isolated host cell phospholipid molecules ("receptors"), and derivatives thereof, which bind microorganisms are disclosed.
CA2110291C	Methods and compositions based on inhibition of cell invasion and fibrosis by anionic polymers	The present invention relates to the discovery that biocompatible anionic polymers can effectively inhibit fibrosis, scar formation, and surgical adhesions. The invention is predicated on the discovery that anionic polymers effectively inhibit invasion of cells associated with detrimental healing processes, and in particular, that the effectiveness of an anionic polymer at inhibiting cell invasion correlates with the anionic charge density of the polymer. Thus, the present invention provides a large number of materials for use in methods of inhibiting fibrosis and fibroblast invasion. Anionic polymers for use in the invention include but are not limited to natural proteoglycans, and the glycosaminoglycan moieties of proteoglycans. Additionally, anionic carbohydrates and other anionic polymers may be used. The anionic polymers dextran sulfate and pentosan polysulfate are preferred. In a more preferred embodiment, dextran sulfate, in which the sulfur content is greater than about 10 % by weight, may be used. In a more preferred embodiment, the average molecular weight is about 40,000 to 500,000 Daltons. The present invention provides compositions and methods to inhibit fibrosis and scarring associated with surgery. The invention further provides compositions and methods to inhibit glial cell invasion, detrimental bone growth and neurite outgrowth. In a preferred embodiment, the inhibitory compositions further comprise an adhesive protein.
CA2117257C	Alginate-containing wound dressing	Disclosed is a wound dressing comprising an absorbent pad impregnated with an alginate for promoting wound healing and which upon contact with the wound will exhibit haemostatic properties, the absorbent pad being characterized as being soft and highly pliant,
CA2119782C	Carbamate analogs of thiaphysovenine, pharmaceutical compositions, and method for inhibiting cholinesterases	Substituted carbamates of tricyclic compounds which have a cyclic sulfer atom, having the formula:(See formula I) wherein R1 is H or a linear or branched chain C1- C10 alkyl group; and R2 is selected from the group consisting of a linear or branched chain -C1-C10 alkyl group, and (See formula I) wherein R3 and R4 are independently selected from the group consisting of H and a linear or branched chain C1-C10 -alkyl group;and with the proviso that when one of R1 or R2 is a H or a methyl group the other of R1 or R2 is not H and optical isomers of the 3aS series, provide highly potent and selective cholinergic agonist and blocking activity and are useful as pharmaceutical agents. Cholinergic disease are treated with these compounds such as glaucoma, Myasthenia Gravis, Alzheimer's disease. Methods for inhibiting esterases, acetylcholinesterase and butyryl-cholinesterase are also provided.
CA2137764C	Pharmaceutical compositions comprising solutions or dispersions of a staurosporine active ingredient in a saturated polyalkylene glycol glyceride	A pharmaceutical composition comprising a solution or dispersion of a staurosporine active ingredient in a saturated polyalkylene glycol glyceride such as a mixture of esters of C8-C18 saturated fatty acids with glycerol and polyethylene glycol. The composition may be administered in capsules or as a dispersion in an aqueous medium. The pharmaceutical composition may be used as an orally administrable form of a staurosporine active ingredient.
CA2144312C	Unsaturated aliphatic dicarboxylic acids	Disclosed are certain novel polyunsaturated dioic acids having between 8 and 16 carbon atoms (inclusive), excluding those compounds in the group consisting of: 2,5 octadienedioic acid; 1,7 octadienedioic acid; 2,4,6 octatrienedioic acid; and 1,3,5,7 nonatetraenedioic acid; 2,5,8 decatrienedioic acid; 3,6 dodecadienedioic acid; 3,13 hexadecadienedioic acid. Also disclosed are pharmaceutical or cosmetic compositions comprising unsaturated dioic acids and certain of their derivatives. Also disclosed are methods of treating human skin and a method of preparing unsaturated dioic acids.
CA2155014C	Process for the preparation of baccatin iii analogs bearing new c2 and c4 functional groups	Process for the preparation of a derivative or analog of baccatin III or 10-desacetyl baccatin III having a C2 substituent other than benzoate and/or a C4 substituent other than acetate in which the C2 benzoate substituent and/or the C4 acetate substituent of a derivative of baccatin III or 10-desacetyl baccatin III is/are selectively reduced or hydrolyzed to the corresponding hydroxy group(s) and converted to R31COO- and/or R30COO-, respectively, wherein R30 and R31 are independently H, C1-C6 alkyl, C2-C6 alkenyl, C2-C6 alkynyl, monocyclic aryl or monocyclic heteroaryl.
CA2156289C	Drug composition containing nucleic acid copolymer	This invention has for its object to insure an effective utilization of single-stranded nucleic acid copolymers, particularly poly(adenylic acid-uridylic acid), and to provide a pharmaceutical composition having antitumor activity.      The invention typically relates to a pharmaceutical composition comprising a lipid device such as Lipofectin (trademark), 3-O-(4-dimethylaminobutanoyl)-1,2-O-dioleylgycerol, 3-O-(2-dimethylamino-ethyl)carbamoyl-1,2-O-dioleylglycerol, 3-O-(2-diethylaminoethyl) carbamoyl-1,2-O-dioleylgycerol, or 2-O-(2-diethylaminoethyl)carbamoyl-1,3-O-dioleoylglycerol and poly(adenylic acid-uridylic acid).
CA2157128C	Camptothecin derivatives, preparations thereof and antitumor agents	New camptothecin derivatives of the general formula (1), preparations thereof and antitumor agents comprising the same, (see formula 1) wherein R1 represents a hydrogen atom or a C1-C6 alkyl group, R2 represents a hydrogen or a C1-C6 alkoxy group, R3 represents a hydrogen or halogen atom or a C1-C6 alkyl, C1-C6 alkoxy, hydroxyl, C2-C6 acyloxy or methoxyethoxymethoxy group, R4 represents a hydrogen or halogen atom, and R5 represents a C1-C6 alkyl, C3-C6 unsaturated alkyl, alkylthioalkyl, alkoxyalkyl, pyridyl or substituted phenyl group, with the proviso that all of the R2, R3 and R4 substituents should not be a hydrogen atom.
CA2157792C	N-(3-piperidinyl-carbonyl)-beta-alanine derivatives as paf antagonists	This invention relates to .beta.-alanine derivatives represented by formula (I), wherein each symbol is as defined in the specification and pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof which is glycoprotein IIb/IIIa antagonist, inhibitor of blood platelets aggregation and inhibitor of the binding of fibrinogen to blood platelets, to processes for the preparation thereof, to a pharmaceutical composition comprising the same and to a method for the prevention and/or treatment of diseases indicated in the specification to a human being or an animal.
CA2158610C	17-deoxycorticosteroid-21-/o/-carboxylic esters, processes for their preparation and pharmaceuticals containing these compounds	17-Deoxycorticoid-21-carboxylic esters of the formula I (see Formula I) are described, in which A is CHOH and CHCl, CH2, C=O or 9(11) double bond; Y is H, F or Cl; Z is H, F or CH3; R(1) is aryl or hetaryl and R(2) is H or methyl. They are obtained by reacting a compound of the formula II, (see formula II) in which R(4) is OH, with an activated carboxylic acid of the formula III, R(5)-CO-[(C1-C4)-alkyl]-R(1) III. The compounds I possess very strong local and topical antiinflammatory activity and exhibit a very good ratio of local to systemic antiinflammatory effect, which ratio is often clearly superior to that of structurally related corticoid 21-esters which do not carry any aryl or hetaryl group in the 21-ester residue or to that of analogous 17-deoxycorticoids having an unesterified, that is a free, 21-hydroxyl group.
CA2168021C	Vasoconstrictive dihydrobenzopyran derivatives	The present invention is concerned with compounds of formula (I), the pharmaceuticaliy acceptable acid addition salts thereof, and the stereochemically isomeric forms thereof, wherein R1 is hydrogen or C1-6alkyl; R2 is hydrogen or C1-6alkyl; R3 is hydrogen or C1-6alkyl; R4 is hydrogen, halo, C1-6alkyl, hydroxy, C1-5alkyloxy, aryloxy or arylmethoxy; R5 and R6 designate R5a and R6a, wherein R5a and R6a taken together form a bivalent radical; or R5 and R6 can designate R5b and R6b, wherein R5b is hydrogen and R6b is a heterocycle or an optionally substitued alkenyl or alkynyl group; or R5 and R6 designate R5c and R6c, wherein R5c and R6c are hydrogen, halo, C1-6alkyl, C3-6alkenyl; C3-6alkynyl, hydroxy, C1-6alkyloxy, cyano, aminoC1-6alkyl, carboxyl, C1-6alkyloxycarbonyl, nitro, amino, aminocarbonyl, C1-6alkylcarbonylamino, or mono-di(C1-6alkyl)amino; Q is a heterocyclic ring containing at least one nitrogen atom or a radical of formula (aa), pharmaceutical compositions, preparations and use as a medicine are also described.
CA2173839C	Transferrin compositions to alleviate the side effects of cytotoxic drugs	The invention pertains to a eutrophic drug composition containing transferrins, particularly human transferrin. It allows the toxic effects of cytotoxic drugs when used at high dosages or over prolonged times, e.g., cyclosporin, to be alleviated or even suppressed.
CA2175372C	Novel 9-hydroxy-pyrido[1,2-a]pyrimidin-4-one ether derivatives	The present invention is concerned with novel compounds having formula (I), the pharmaceutically acceptable acid addition salts thereof and the stereo-chemically isomeric forms thereof, their use as a medicine, wherein Alk represents C1-4alkanediyl; Dis a bicyclic heterocycle of formula (a) or (b) wherein each R1 independently is C2-6alkenyl; C2-6alkynyl; C3-6cycloalkyl optionally substituted with C1-4alkyl; C1-19alkyl optionally substituted with C3-6cycloalkyl, halo, C1-6alkyloxy or cyano; and each R2 independently is hydrogen or C1-4alkyl. Novel compounds; compositions; processes for preparing novel compounds and intermediates are described.
CA2187449C	Anti-cancer compounds containing cyclopentaquinazoline ring	Cyclopentaquinazoline of formula (I), wherein R1 is hydrogen, amino, C1-4 alkyl, C1-4 alkoxy, C1-4 hydroxyalkyl or C1-4 fluoroalkyl; wherein R2 is hydrogen, C1-4 alkyl, C3-4 alkenyl, C3-4 alkynyl, C2-4 hydroxyalkyl, C2-4 halogenoalkyl or C1-4 cyanoalkyl; Ar1 is phenylene, thiophenediyl, thiazolediyl, pyridinediyl or pyrimidinediyl which may optionally bear one or two substituents selected from halogeno, hydroxy, amino, nitro, cyano, trifluoromethyl, C1-4 alkyl and C1-4 alkoxy; and wherein R3 is a group of the formula: -A1-Ar2-A2-Y1, in which A1 is a bond between the .alpha.-carbon atom of the group -CONHCH(CO2H)- and Ar2 or is a C1-2 alkylene group; Ar2 is phenylene, tetrazoldiyl, tiophenediyl, thiazolediyl, pyridinediyl or pyrimidinediyl which in the case of phenylene may optionally bear one or two substituents on the ring selected from halogeno, nitro, C1-4 alkyl and C1-4 alkoxy; A2 is a C1-3 alkylene or C2-3 alkenylene group; and a pharmaceutically acceptable salt or ester thereof are of therapeutic value particularly in the treatment of cancer.
CA2202503C	Modified polyunsaturated fatty acids	The present invention provides polyunsaturated fatty acid compounds having antimalarial and/or neutrophil stimulatory activity. The polyunsaturated fatty acids contain 18-25 carbons and 1-6 double bonds and are characterized in that they have one or two substitutions selected from the group consisting of .beta. oxa, .gamma. oxa, .beta. thia and .gamma. thia. It is also preferred that the polyunsaturated fatty acid compound includes a further substitution selected from the group consisting of hydroxy, hydroperoxy, peroxy, carboxymethyl substitutions or attached to an amino acid. The invention also provides a method of producing an unsaturated oxa substituted fatty acid comprising reacting an unsaturated fatty acid alcohol with a carbene that is inserted in the OH bond of the alcohol. The invention further provides a method of treating inflammation with a composition comprising at least one hydroxy, hydroperoxy or peroxy derivative of a polyunsaturated fatty acid having a C18-24 carbon chain and 1-6 cis or trans double bonds.
CA2203237C	Aminotetrazole derivatives useful as nitric oxide synthase inhibitors	Compounds having formula (I) and pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof, wherein B is NR5R11, wherein R5 is selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, lower alkyl, lower alkenyl, lower alkynyl and aryl, and R11 is selected from a 3 to 8 member heterocyclyl radical in which at least one member of the ring is carbon and in which 1 to about 4 members are heteroatoms independently selected from oxygen, nitrogen and sulfur and said heterocyclyl radical may be optionally substituted, useful as nitric oxide synthase inhibitors.
CA2205573C	Enterokinetic benzamide	The present invention is concerned with a novel benzamide derivative of formula (I). Pharmaceutical compositions comprising said novel compounds processes for preparing compounds and compositions, and the use thereof as a medicine, in particular in the treatment of conditions involving a decreased motility of the intestine are described.
CA2207503C	Use of aminopurine antiviral agents for the treatment and prophylaxis of latent herpesvirus infections	A method for the treatment of latent infection of herpes viruses in mammals, including humans, which method comprises administering to the mammal in need of such treatment, an effective amount of a compound of formula (A) or a bioprecursor, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt, phosphate ester and/or acyl derivative of either of the foregoing.
CA2207804C	Amides of mono and bicarboxylic acids with amino acids or glycosamines, selectively active on the cannabinoid peripheral receptor	The present invention relates to amides of formula (I):    wherein R1 is an optionally substituted linear or branched hydrocarbon radical, or a group of formula (II) or (III):    wherein R4 is an optionally substituted linear hydrocarbon radical, R7 is H or a linear or branched alkyl, and the residues   are glycosaminic residues; a pharmaceutical composition comprising the amide; and a use of the amide as a CB2 receptor modulator.
CA2213842C	Use of dextromethorphan or dextrorphan for the treatment of urinary incontinence	Urinary incontenence is alleviated in a mammal by administering to the mammal a urinary incontinence alleviating amount of dextromethorphan, dextrorphan, their mixtures and/or pharmaceutically acceptable salts, alone or in combination with a pharmacologically active agent such as an anticholinergic sympathomimetic, tricyclic antidepressant, antispasmodic, direct-acting smooth muscle relaxant, estrogen, compound having estrogen-like activity, or any combination of the foregoing.
CA2217479C	Derivatives of phenoxyethylamine having a high affinity for 5-ht1a receptor, their preparation procedure, their application as medications and pharmaceutical compounds containing them	Phenoxyethylamine derivatives of general formula (I) having high affinity for  the 5-HT1Areceptor, methods for preparing same, pharmaceutical compositions containing said derivatives, and their use, in particular as gastric acid secretion inhibitors or as antiemetics, are disclosed. In general formula(I), Ar is phenyl substituted by one or more substituents; and R is a C1-1- hydrocarbon radical selected from straight or branched alkyl, alkenyl or alkynyl radicals, saturated or unsaturated mono-or polycyclic cycloalkyl, cycloalkylalkyl or alkylcycloalkyl radicals; a pyridyl or isoquinolyl radical, phenyl optionally substituted by one or more substituent, and salts thereof.
CA2231545C	Oral gel capsule formulation of 1,2,4-benzotriazine oxides	Disclosed are anticancer tumor soft gelatin capsules comprising a 1,2,4-benzotriazine oxide and an oily excipient selected from the group consisting of soybean oil and fractionated coconut oil.
CA2233620C	Substituted pyrazolyl benzenesulfonamides for use in veterinary therapies as antiinflammatory agents	A method of using pyrazolyl benzenesulfonamide compounds in treating inflammation and inflammation-related disorders in animals.
CA2246760C	Polysaccharide-peptide-conjugates	The invention relates to a polysaccharide-peptide conjugate wherein the polysaccharide is advantageously immunogenic, which comprises a polysaccharide chain composed of repeat units and a plurality of peptide moieties, each moiety containing a cysteine residue and being covalently attached at random along the polysaccharide chain, through an indirect bound involving the thiol group of the cysteine residue and an amino, hydroxyl or carboxyl group of the polysaccharide, said indirect bound being achieved through either a linker or a spacer-linker moiety provided that the spacer entity of the spacer-linker moiety is linked to the amino, hydroxyl or carboxyl group of the polysaccharide. To this end, a useful linker may be e.g., N-(.gamma.-maleimidobutyryloxy) succinimide ester. Such a conjugate may typically exhibit a "Rake" configuration. Conjugation processes are also disclosed. Conjugates of the invention are in particular useful in the vaccinal field to elicit a protective long term immune response against a pathogenic microorganism from which the immunogenic polysaccharide is derived.
CA2250630C	Novel lantibiotic related to actagardine, and processes for the preparation and use thereof	The present invention relates to a novel lantibiotic having the formula NH2-R-actagardine, where NH2-R is the radical of the amino acid alanine, which is formed by the microorganism Actinoplanes liguriae, DSM 11797 or Actinoplanes garbadiensis, DSM 11796 during fermentation, chemical derivatives of the lantibiotic, a process for its preparation and the use of the lantibiotics as pharmaceuticals.
CA2253130C	A medicament for treating obesity and improving lipid metabolism	A medicament for preventive and therapeutic treatment of obesity and a disease with abnormal lipid metabolism which comprises as an active ingredient a compound selected from the group consisting of 24-alkylcholestan-3-ones and 24- alkylcholesten-3-ones such as 24-alkylcholestan-3-ones, 24-alkylcholestmonoen- 3-ones, 24-alkylcholestdien-3-ones, 24-alkylcholesttrien-3-ones and 24- alkylcholesttetraen-3- ones. 26
CA2255804C	Antitumoral method by administration of partricin derivatives	The use of some semisynthetic derivatives of the antifungal polyene partricin to selectively hinder the growth of tumor cells is here described. Their use can be associated with the use of other known antineoplastic agents, in particular in the cases where a resistance to these agents is present or has developed. The invention can be applied to systems of cell cultures as well as to the therapeutic practice.
CA2256633C	Selected derivatives of k-252a	Disclosed herein are selected indolocarbazole derivatives which are represented by general formula (I). The compounds are useful for enhancing the function and/or survival of a trophic factor responsive cell. They inhibit interleukin-2 production and have immunosuppressive activity.
CA2257810C	Skin wash composition comprising an .alpha.-hydroxy acid or other acid and a detergent base	A skin wash composition intended for topical application to water-wetted skin comprising an .alpha.-hydroxy acid active ingredient formulated in a mild and non-irritant detergent base consisting of a mixture of a non-ionic alkylpolyglucoside surfactant and an amphoteric surfactant.
CA2261923C	Pyridazino [4,5-b]-quinoline 5-oxide derivatives, their preparation and their use as glycine antagonists	Pyridyl-phtalazin diones having formula (I), wherein R1 and R2 are selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, halogen, and methoxy or wherein R1 and R2 together form methylenedioxy, and pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof, and pharmaceutical compositions containing an effective glycines antagonistic amount thereof, are useful in combatting neurological disorders associated with excitotoxicity and malfunctioning of glutamatergic neurotransmission in a living animal, including a human, in need thereof.
CA2268968C	Iminochlorin aspartic acid derivatives	The present invention provides an iminochlorin aspartic acid derivative represented by the following formula (I):(see formula I) Wherein Asp represents an aspartic acid residue, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof. The compound of the present invention is useful as a photosensitizer for photophysico-chemical diagnosis and therapy of cancer, because it has a high accumulability to cancerous cells, reactivity to external energy and a cancerous cell destroying effect which is effective even againt cancers developing in deep site, while it is rapidly excreted from normal cells and therefore causes no damage thereto.
CA2270952C	New use for 1,3-propanediol derivatives	Use of a compound of formula (I) wherein R1 is an optionally substituted straight- or branched carbon chain having 12 to 22 carbon atoms which may be optionally interrupted by an optionally substituted phenylene, and each of R2, R3, R4 and R5, independently, is H or lower alkyl, in free form or in pharmaceutically acceptable salt form, in the prevention or treatment of chronic rejection in a recipient of organ or tissue allo- or xenotransplant, or of acute rejection in a xenograft transplant recipient.
CA2274591C	Benzothiophenecarboxamide derivatives and pgd2 antagonists comprising them	A compound, a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, or a hydrate thereof having PGD2-antagonistic activities, inhibitory activities against infiltration of eosinophils, and being useful as a drug for treating diseases, such as systemic mastocytosis and disorder of systemic mast cell activation, as well as tracheal contraction, asthma, allergic rhinitis, allergic conjunctivitis, urticaria, ischemic reperfusion injury, inflammation and atopic dermatitis , which is shown by formula (I), is provided.
CA2279063C	A pharmaceutical composition for the prevention and treatment of diseases of cognitive dysfunction in a mammal	Pharmaceutical compositions for the treatment of diseases involving cognitive dysfunction in a mammal comprising an estrogen agonist or antagonist or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof; an acetyl cholinesterase inhibitor or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof; and a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier. The estrogen agonists or antagonists and acetylcholinesterase inhibitors are present in amounts that render the composition effective in the treatment of diseases of cognitive dysfunction including Alzheimer's Disease and Dementia. The method of using these composition is also disclosed. The compositions may help memory inhancement.
CA2280612C	Amino acid-sugar composition	An amino acid-sugar composition comprising an amino acid composition which comprises proline, alanine, glycine, valine, threonine, leucine, histidine, lysine, isoleucine, arginine, phenylalanine, tyrosine, and tryptophan; and sugar of trehalose. The amino acid-sugar composition has effects of compensating the reduction of the blood level of amino acids associated with severe exercise, of improving the exercise, of reducing the degree of fatigue after exercise and of recovering from fatigue. In addition, the administration of the composition permits the inhibition of the consumption of amino acids associated with exercise and any induction of fatigue accompanied by exercise.
CA2281918C	Oxazolidines as 5-ht2a-antagonists	The invention relates to novel oxazolidine derivatives of formula (I), wherein R1, R2 and R3 have the meaning cited in Claim 1. The invention further relates to the salts thereof and to a method for the production of the inventive compounds. The compounds of formula (I) act as 5-HT2A antagonists having a reuptake-inhibiting, antidepressant or anxiolytic effect and can be used in the production of medicaments.
CA2288024C	Compositions comprising condensation polymer of an aromatic sulfonic acid and an aldehyde for preventing pregnancy	This invention pertains to the discovery that condensation polymers of an aldehyde and aromatic sulfonic acids and fractions thereof, such as formaldehyde naphthalenesulfonic acid condensation polymers, can prevent pregnancy in an individual.
CA2292846C	Lh-rh peptide analogues, their uses and pharmaceutical compositions containing them	The invention relates to LH-RH peptide analogues with excellent affinity for LH-RH receptors, of formula (I): A1-A2-A3-A4-A5-A6-HAA-A7-Pro-Z in which Z, A1 to A7 are specified in the description and HAA is a non-aromatic hydrophobic amino acid having from 7 to 20 carbon atoms. The invention also relates to the uses of said peptide analogues and to the pharmaceutical compositions containing them.
CA2297198C	Macrocyclic lactones, compositions, and methods of use	The present invention provides a compound of formula (I), wherein R1 and R2 are the same or different and are independently H, C1-C6 straight-chain or branched-chain saturated or unsaturated alkyl, aryl, R6CH2-, R6CO-, or R6SO2-, wherein R6 is H, C1-C6 straight-chain or branched-chain saturated or unsaturated alkyl, or aryl; R3 is H, C1-C6 straight-chain or branched-chain saturated alkyl, aryl, an oxime, or an oxime methyl ether; at least one aromatic ring position is optionally substituted with a substituent selected from the group consisting of halo, nitro, amino, hydroxyl, thio, acyl, C1-C6 alkyl, and cyano; and Z is a contiguous linker comprising a chain of 7-10 atoms (including heteroatoms) which atoms, together with the five atoms beginning with the carbon of the aromatic ring in meta-relationship with OR1 and ending with the carbon directly attached to the alkyl oxygen of the lactone, which carbons are covalently bonded to either end of linker Z, integrally form a 12-15 membered ring; or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt, an ester, or a prodrug thereof. The present invention further provides a pharmaceutical composition, and a method of preventing or treating cancer, using at least one compound of the present invention, optionally in conjunction with an additional compound other than a compound of the present invention.
CA2303448C	Specific steady-state r-type ca2+ channel blockers and use thereof	The present invention relates to Ca2+ channel blockers and more particularly to the R-type Ca2+ channel blockers. More specifically, the invention relates to Ca2+ channel blockers activity of Mandevilla velutina and Mandevilla illustris. The present invention further concerns saponin-like compounds isolated from Mandevilla species. The present invention also relates to the treatment of several pathologies that involve the nifedipine-insensitive but isradipine sensitive steady-state R-type Ca2+ channel and the use of steady-state R-type Ca2+ channel blockers in the treatment of these pathologies.
CA2304821C	Osteoblast-specific mitogens and drugs containing such compounds	The invention is directed to compounds of formula (I) wherein R1 - alkyl, alkenyl or alkynyl having from 6 to 24 carbon atoms; n = 0 - 12; X = oxygen or NH; and the physiologically safe salts, esters, optically active forms, racemates and derivatives thereof which can be metabolized in vivo to yield compounds of general formula (I), methods of preparing same, and drugs containing said compounds, for treating bone metabolic disorders.
CA2306837C	Treatment of female sexual dysfunction	Methods and formulations for treating female sexual dysfunction are provided. A pharmaceutical composition formulated so as to contain a selected vasoactive agent is administered to the vagina, vulvar area or urethra of the individual undergoing treatment. Suitable vasoactive agents are vasodilators, including endothelial-derived relaxation factors, vasoactive intestinal polypeptide agonists, smooth muscle relaxants, leukotriene inhibitors, and others. The formulations are also useful for preventing the occurrence of yeast infections, improving vaginal muscle tone and tissue health, enhancing vaginal lubrication, and minimizing excess collagen deposition. A clitoral drug delivery device is also provided.
CA2312990C	Novel salts of metformin and method	Novel salts of the antidiabetic agent metformin are provided which are metformin salts of dibasic acids (2:1 molar ratio), preferably metformin (2:1) fumarate and metformin (2:1) succinate, which may be employed alone or in combination with another antihyperglycemic agent such as glyburide, for treating diabetes. A method for treating diabetes employing the novel metformin salt by itself or in combination with another antidiabetic agent is also provided.
CA2313878C	Composition for suppressing behavior problems of pets	A composition for suppressing behavior problems of pets, comprising theanine, and optionally one or more compounds selected from the group consisting of highly unsaturated fatty acids and cholines; and a method of suppressing behavior problems of pets, comprising administering the above composition to a pet having behavior problems. The composition can be effectively used for suppressing various behavior problems associated with the pet.
CA2314170C	Method of the prophylactic treatment of mastitis	A method of prophylactic treatment of mastitis in mammalian, including human, mothers, is described. The method comprises administration of a prophylactically effective dosage of a human or veterinary medicament containing at least one type of xanthophylls, such as astaxanthin, to said mothers. Preferably, the astaxanthin exists in a form esterified with fatty acids, e.g. in the form of algae meal produced by culturing of the alga Haematococcus sp. Further, use of at least one type of xanthophylls, such as astaxanthin, for the preparation of a human or veterinary medicament for the prophylactic treatment of mastitis in mammalian, including human, mothers is disclosed.
CA2314326C	Transdermal therapeutic device and method with capsaicin and capsaicin analogs	Transdermal application of capsaicin (or a capsaicin analog) in a concentration from greater than about 5 % to about 10 % by weight has been discovered to be an extremely effective therapy for treating neuropathic pain, so long as an anesthetic, preferably by means of a transdermal patch, is administered initially to the affected area to minimize the expected side effects from subsequent capsaicin application.
CA2315693C	Combination of benzocycloheptapyridine compounds and antineoplastic drugs for treating proliferative diseases	Methods are provided for treating proliferative diseases, especially cancers, comprising administering (1) a famesyl protein transferase inhibitor in conjunction with (2) an antineoplastic agent and/or radiation therapy.
CA2316356C	Benzoxazine compounds for enhancing synaptic response	Compounds of the structure shown below, having a certain benzoxazine ring system and their precursors are disclosed which are useful for enhancing synaptic responses mediated by AMPA receptors. Also disclosed are methods for preparing such compounds, and methods for their use in treating subjects suffering from impaired nervous or intellectual functioning due to deficiencies in the number of excitatory synapses or in the number of AMPA receptors. The invention compounds can also be used for the treatment of non-impaired subjects for enhancing performance in sensory-motor and cognitive tasks which depend on brain networks utilizing AMPA receptors and for improving memory encoding. (see formula 1) or (see formula 2)
CA2320822C	Substituted isoindolones and their use as cyclic gmp modulators in medicaments	The invention relates to substituted isoindolon derivatives of formula (I), wherein R1, R2, R3, R4, R5, R6 and R7 have the meanings cited in the description. Said derivatives represent valuable active substances in medicaments for the therapy and prophylaxis of diseases, e.g. cardiovascular diseases such a hypertension, angina pectoris, heart failures, thrombosis or atherosclerosis. The compounds of formula (I) are capable of modulating endogenous production of cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP) and are generally suitable for the therapy and prophylaxis of pathological states associated with disorders of the cGMP metabolism. The invention also relates to a method for the production of compounds of formula (I), their use in the therapy and prophylaxis of the above-mentioned pathological states and in the production of medicaments for such states. The invention further relates to pharmaceutical preparations containing the compounds of formula (I).
CA2323536C	Pharmaceutical formulation comprising a 2-[[(2-pyridinyl)methyl]sulfinyl]benzimidazole having anti-ulcer activity and a process for the preparation of such formulation	Oral pharmaceutical formulation comprising granules having an inert core coated with a layer, comprising a 2-[[(2-pyridinyl)methyl]sulfinyl]benzimidazole having anti-ulcer activity, a disintegrant and a surfactant in a matrix of a melt coating substance essentially consisting of one or more esters of glycerol and fatty acids, a separating layer and an enteric coating layer, and a process for the preparation of such formulation using a melt coating technique for the preparation of the benzimidazole containing layer.
CA2324343C	C11 oxymyl and hydroxylamino prostaglandins useful as medicaments	The invention provides novel prostaglandin analogs. In particular, the present invention relates to compounds having a structure according to formula (I): (see formula I) wherein R1, R2, R3, R4, R5, R6, W, X, Z, a, b, and p are defined below. This invention also includes optical isomers, diastereomers and enantiomers of the formula, and pharmaceutically-acceptable salts, biohydrolyzable amides, esters, and imides thereof. The compounds of the present invention are useful for the treatment of a variety of diseases and conditions, such as bone disorders and glaucoma. Accordingly, the invention further provides pharmaceutical compositions comprising these compounds. The invention still further provides methods of treatment for bone disorders and glaucoma using these compounds or the compositions containing them.
CA2336628C	Method for reducing the damaging effects of radiation therapy on animal skin and mucosa	The severity of damage caused to the skin and mucosa of animals with cancer undergoing radiation therapy is mitigated by feeding the animal a nutritionally balanced food composition containing omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids which are supplemented with a mixture of an omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and arginine.
CA2339630C	Carboline derivatives as cgmp phosphodiesterase inhibitors	Compounds of general structural formula (I) wherein A represents a 5- or 6-membered heteroaryl group containing at least one heteroatom selected from the group consisting of oxygen, nitrogen, and sulphur; and use of the compounds and salts and solvates thereof, as therapeutic agents are disclosed.In particular, the invention relates to carboline derivatives which are potent and selective inhibitors of cGMP-specific PDE.
CA2340545C	Chelate compound-containing antibacterial agent for helicobacter pylori	An antibacterial agent is provided, which has an action for inhibiting growth of Helicobacter pylori participating to occurrence of chronic gastritis and gastric ulcer, and a highly safe substance is used as an effective component therein. An antibacterial agent for Helicobacter pylori is characterized in that at least one substance selected from the group consisting of ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid and its metal salts is contained as an effective component.
CA2340921C	Use of taxanes to treat brain cancer	The present invention relates to a new use of taxoid derivatives. It relates more precisely to a method for treating abnormal cell proliferation in the brain of mammals including men by administrating a taxoid derivative.
CA2344248C	4-amino substituted-2-substituted-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroquinolines as cetp inhibitors	Cholesteryl ester transfer protein inhibitors, of the Formula (I), prodrug thereof, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt of said compound or of said prodrug, pharmaceutical compositions containing such inhibitors and the use of such inhibitors to elevate certain plasma lipid levels including high density lipoprotein-cholesterol and to lower certain other plasma lipid levels, such as LDL-cholesterol and triglycerides and accordingly to treat diseases which are exacerbated by low levels of HDL cholesterol and/or high levels of LDL-cholesterol and triglycerides, such as atherosclerosis and cardiovascular diseases in some mammals, including humans.
CA2344652C	Carboxymethylgalactose derivatives	Carboxymethylgalactose derivatives represented by general formula (1);    and salts thereof, which exhibit reactivity to selectins and are useful as inhibitors against selectin-related diseases such as various inflammations and cancerous metastasis; In said formula, R is a group represented by formula (1a), (1b) or (1c).
CA2348767C	Method for producing an antitumoral agent and antitumoral agent thus obtained	In order to lower the painfulness of injection of the remedy containing the products of Iignin basic hydrolysis and oxidation, pyrophosphate, NaCl and water the value of pH of the remedy is adjusted to a neutral one by the addition of HCl.
CA2351617C	Method for inhibiting dental resorptive lesions	The present invention relates to a method for inhibiting dental resorptive lesions and other disease states associated with dental resorptive lesions in a mammal by administering a therapeutically effective amount of a bisphosphonate or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof to a mammal in need thereof. This invention also relates to methods of alleviating of pain and reducing the risk of tooth loss associated with dental resorptive lesions in mammals.
CA2352946C	Baby food stimulating growth of the thymus	A thymus growth stimulating baby food is provided, substantially composed of a fat component, as well as a carbohydrate component and a protein component of animal or vegetable or animal and vegetable but not human origin, whereby the protein component is composed of intact proteins, hydrolyzed proteins, peptides or the constituents thereof, or of amino acids or a mixture thereof not bound to peptides or proteins. This type of baby food is characterized in that the total amount of arginine is at least 3.7 g per 100 g of the amino acids present in toto, and that it contains zinc (calculated as elementary zinc) in an amount of at least 40 mg per 100 g of the amino acids present in toto.
CA2355712C	Antiviral nucleoside analogues	In accordance with the present invention there is provided a nucleoside analogue of formula (I) or (Ia) which is useful as an antiviral agent.
CA2371517C	An improving agent for hypoalbuminaemia	The present invention is to offer a hydantoin derivative useful as a therapeutic agent for hypoalbuminaemia with high safety.  This invention relates to an improving agent for hypoalbuminaemia containing a hydantoin derivative represented by the formula (I) or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof as an effective ingredient. (see formula I) [In the formula, each of R1 and R2, which may be the same or different, represents hydrogen, an alkyl group or a cycloalkyl group; and each of X and Y, which may be the same or different, represents hydrogen, a hydroxyl group, an alkyl group or an alkoxy group, or X and Y together represent an oxo group.]  It is apparent from the above-mentioned clinical test that the administration of the compound of the present invention gave an increase of serum albumin value of patients suffering from hypoalbuminaemia and, therefore, an improving effect of the compound of the present invention for hypoalbuminaemia was shown. Consequently, the compounds of the present invention are very useful as a therapeutic agent for hypoalbuminaemia.
CA2382631C	Poly(ether-thioether), poly(ether-sulfoxide) and poly(ether-sulfone) nucleic acids	A compound comprising a poly(ether-thioether), poly(ether-sulfoxide) or poly(ether-sulfone) backbone bearing a plurality of ligands that are individually bound to chiral carbon atoms located within the backbone, at least one of the ligands includ-ing a moiety such as a naturally occurring nucleobase, a nucleobase binding group or a DNA interchelator; a process of synthesizing the compound, monomers to be used in this process and their synthesis process and processes for using the compound in biochem-istry and medicine.
CA2383054C	Polyhydroxyalkanoate compositions for soft tissue repair, augmentation, and viscosupplementation	Polyhydroxyalkanoate materials are provided which are suitable for repair of soft tissue, augmentation, and as visco-supplements in animals, particularly humans. The materials comprise liquid polyhydroxyalkanoate polymer compositions or poly-hydroxyalkanoate microdispersions. Devices also are provided for storage and delivery of the polyhydroxyalkanoate compositions in vivo. Methods are provided for repairing or augmenting soft tissue in animals using the materials. In a preferred embodiment, the method includes the steps of (a) selecting the animal soft tissue to be repaired or augmented; and (b) placing an injectable, liquid polyhydroxyalkanoate polymer or a polyhydroxyalkanoate microdispersion into the animal soft tissue, preferably using a minimally-invasive method such as injection. In another embodiment, the liquid polyhydroxyalkanoate polymer compositions or polyhydroxyalkanoate microdispersions are used as viscosupplements.
CA2386817C	The use of baclofen in the treatment of alcoholism	The use of baclofen for the treatment of alcohol withdrawal syndrome and promotion of abstinence in alcoholics.
CA2387351C	Indole derivatives as tyrosine kinase inhibitors	The present invention relates to compounds of Formula I which inhibit, regulate and/or modulate tyrosine kinase signal transduction, compositions which contain these compounds, and methods of using them to treat tyrosine kinase-dependent diseases and conditions, such as angiogenesis, cancer, tumor growth, atherosclerosis, age related macular degeneration, diabetic retinopathy, inflammatory diseases, and the like in mammals.(see formula I)
CA2390858C	N-acylpyrrolidin-2-ylalkylbenzamidine derivatives as inhibitors of      factor xa	This invention is directed to a compound of formula (I) which is useful for inhibiting the activity of Factor Xa, by contacting said compound with a composition containing Factor Xa. The present invention is also directed to compositions containing compounds of formula (I), methods for their preparation, their use, such as in inhibit-ing the formation of thrombin or for treating a patient suffering from, or subject to, a disease state associated with a physiologically detri-mental excess amount of thrombin.
CA2393344C	Methods for making sustained-release pharmaceutical compositions of ergot alkaloids having improved bioavailability and compositions thereof	A method of improving bioavailability of ergot derivatives administered using sustained-release delivery systems includes combining an ergot derivative or mixture thereof with a pharmaceutically acceptable hydrophilic swelling agent or mixture thereof and one or more pharmaceutically acceptable excipients. The bioavailability of sustained-release formulations of the present invention is at least equal to the bioavailability of the ergot derivative or mixture thereof administered using a conventional delivery system. Sustained-release compositions that improve bioavailability are also provided. Methods and compositions according to the present invention may provide sustained-release characteristics while improving the bioavailability of ergot derivatives.
CA2395016C	Treatment of dna viral infections	The synergistic combination of a loop diuretic and a cardiac glycoside is useful in the treatment of DNA viral infec-tions.
CA2395226C	Devices for the delivery of drugs having antiprogestinic properties	This invention relates to a device for the controlled release over a prolonged period of time of a drug having an-tiprogestinic properties, said device comprising - a core comprising said drug,- optionally a membrane encasing said core, wherein said core and/or membrane is made of a siloxane-based elastomer composition comprising at least one elastomer and possibly a non-crosslinked polymer. The device is characterized in that - the elastomer composition comprises poly(alkylene oxide) groups and that the poly(alkylene oxide) groups are present in the elastomer or polymer as alkoxy-terminated grafts of polysiloxane units, or as blocks, the said grafts or blocks being linked to the polysiloxane units by silicon-carbon bonds, or as a mixture of these forms.
CA2398389C	Method for inhibiting a tumor	A method for inhibiting a tumor in a mammal using a composition comprising an anthocyanin or cyanidin from a berry is described. The method involves using the composition in an amount and for a time to inhibit the tumor. The composition can include other antitumor agents.
CA2400737C	Nutritional formulation containing prebiotic substances	A nutritional composition is provided which comprises oligofructose and sialyllactose.
CA2403026C	Process for the preparation of 6-o-propargyl erythromycin derivatives	Disclosed herein is a process for the preparation of erythromycin derivatives, or pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof, which contain an optionally substituted propargyl group at the 6-O-position.
CA2411818C	Cyclopentabenzofuran compounds and uses thereof	The invention provides compounds having a cyclopentabenzofuran core comprising a group of formula (ii): (see formula ii) attached via an oxygen atom to a cyclopentabenzofuran core of formula (i): (see formula i) compositions comprising said compounds and therapeutic uses of the compounds and compositions for treating a cancer or a cancerous condition or a disease state or condition associated with cellular hyperproliferation.
CA2412941C	Piperidine compounds for use as ccr-3 inhibitors	Compounds of formula (I) in free or salt form, where Ar1 is phenyl substituted by one or more halogen atoms, Ar2 is phenyl or naphthyl which is unsubstituted or substituted by one or more substituents selected from halogen, cyano, hydroxy, nitro, C1-C8-alkyl, C1-C8-haloalkyl, C1-C8-alkoxy or C1-C8-alkoxycarbonyl, R1 is hydrogen or C1-C8-alkyl optionally substituted by hydroxy, C1-C8-alkoxy, acyloxy, N(R2)R3, halogen, carboxy, C1-C8-alkoxycarbonyl, -CON(R4)R5 or by a monovalent cyclic organic group, R2 and R3 are each independently hydrogen or C1-C8-alkyl, or R2 is hydrogen and R3 is acyl or -SO2R6, or R2 and R3 together with the nitrogen atom to which they are attached denote a 5- or 6-membered heterocyclic group, R4 and R5 are each independently hydrogen or C1-C8-alkyl, or R4 and R5 together with the nitrogen atom to which they are attached denote a 5- 6-membered heterocyclic group, R6 is C1-C8-alkyl, C1-C8-haloalkyl, or phenyl optionally substituted by C1-C8-alkyl, and n is 1, 2, 3, or 4, with the proviso that when Ar1 is p-chlorophenyl and R1 is hydrogen, Ar2 is not phenyl or p-nitrophenyl. The compounds are useful as pharmaceuticals.
CA2416512C	Enhancement of the action of anti-infective agents	The invention provided a method of enhancing the action of a pharmaceutical agent selected from the group consisting of the group comprising antimicrobial agents, the anthelmintic agents and the anti-ectoparasitic agents, but excluding coal tar solution and H1-antagonist antihistamines, characterised in that the agent is formulated with an administration medium which comprises a solution of nitrous oxide gas in a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier solvent for the gas and which administration medium includes at least one fatty acid or ester or other suitable derivative thereof selected from the group consisting of oleic acid, linoleic acid, alpha-linolenic acid, gamma-linolenic acid, arachidonic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid [C20: 5w3], decosahexaenoic acid [C22: 60], ricinoleic acid and derivatives thereof selected from the group consisting of the C1 to C6 alkyl esters thereof, the glycerol-polyethylene glycol esters thereof and the reaction product of hydrogenated natural oils composed largely of ricinoleic acid based oils, such as castor oil with ethylene oxide.
CA2436764C	Rehydration composition	The invention relates to a fluid that can be used for preventing or treating hypohydration and the secondary consequences thereof. The fluid comprises one or more carbohydrates and minerals and is further characterized by a low osmolarity. The invention further relates to the use of such a fluid for medical, dietetic and other applications.
CA2437603C	Fluoroether compositions and methods for inhibiting their degradation in the presence of a lewis acid	Degradation of a Lewis acid by a quantity of sevoflurane is provided by combining the quantity of sevoflurane with a Lewis acid inhibitor, for example, water, butylated hydroxytoluene, methylparaben, propylparben, propofol and thymol. A method of the invention involves a method for storing a quantity of sevoflurane, the method comprising the steps of providing a container defining an interior space, the container having an interior wall adjacent the interior space defined by the container; providing a quantity of sevoflurane; coating the interior wall of the container with the Lewis acid inhibitor; placing the quantity of sevoflurane in the interior space defined by the container.
CA2438813C	Alkoxycarbonylamino heteroaryl carboxylic acid derivatives as ip antagonists	This invention relates to compounds which are IP receptor antagonists and which are represented by the general formula (1) wherein G2 is a heteroaryl group containing one or two nitrogen atoms and substituted with a carboxylic acid group, and G1 is as defined in the specification; or individual isomers, racemic or non-racemic mixtures of isomers, or pharmaceutically acceptable salts or solvates thereof. The invention further relates to pharmaceutical compositions containing such compounds, their use as therapeutic agents, and methods of preparation thereof.
CA2441235C	Aryl and biaryl compounds having mch modulatory activity	In one embodiment, this invention provides a novel class of compounds as antagonists of the MCH receptor, methods of preparing such compounds, pharmaceutical compositions containing one or more of the compounds, methods of preparing pharmaceutical formulations comprising one or more such compounds, and methods of treatment, prevention or amelioration or one or more of diseases associated with the MCH receptor. An illustrative inventive compound is shown here.
CA2455064C	Transdermal therapeutic system based on polyacrylate contact adhesives without functional groups	The invention relates to a transdermal therapeutic system (TTS) consisting of a rear layer, a protective layer and an active-substance-containing polymer layer. The polymer matrix comprises a polyacrylate which contains an extremely reduced number of functional groups. In one particular embodiment, the polyacrylate is free from hydroxyl groups and/or carboxyl groups.
CA2459033C	Methods for inhibiting cognitive deterioration in adults with down's syndrome	This invention generally pertains to the field of psychiatry. In particular, this invention pertains to the discovery that agents capable of inhibiting the binding of cortisol to its receptors can be used in methods for preventing or reversing cognitive deterioration in adults with Down's syndrome. Mifepristone, a potent specific glucocorticoid receptor antagonist, can be used in these methods. The invention also provides a kit for preventing or reversing cognitive deterioration in a DS patient including a glucocorticoid receptor antagonist and instructional material teaching the indications, dosage and schedule of administration of the glucocorticoid receptor antagonist.
CA2460135C	Use of pyridazinone compounds as phosphodiesterase iv inhibitors for treating cancer and other diseases	The invention relates to the use of Phosphodiesterase IV inhibitors and/or the physiologically acceptable salts thereof in the production of a medicament for the treatment of osteoporosis, tumors, tumor metastases, atherosclerosis, rheumatoid arthritis, multiple sclerosis, diabetes mellitus, ulzerative colitis and AIDS.
CA2467329A1	Inner core lps epitopes and uses thereof	The subject invention provides vaccines, vaccine components, and uses thereof suitable for providing immunity involving B-cell activating molecules derived from veterinary bacterial pathogens lipopolysaccharide (LPS), said molecules comprising one or more epitopes of the inner-core oligosaccharide portion of the lipopolysaccharide having the structure:    A Figure 1 Where R and R' are variable outer care structures.
CA2492874C	Taste masked oral composition of telithromycin	Composition for oral administration of telithromycin comprising : spherical agglomerates of telithromycin ; ethylcellulose ; an acrylic polymer ; anti-agglomeration agentwhere the composition is in the form of microcapsules having a 2 layers coating.
CA2526954C	Antibiotics containing bone substitute material with sustained active substance release	Antibiotics containing bone substitute material is described which is characterized in that it is composed of a compacted mixture of granules of calcium sulfate dihydrate, calcium carbonate and at least one representative of the aminoglycoside antibiotics, lincosamide antibiotics, glycopeptide antibiotics, macrolide antibiotics, ketolide antibiotics, the nitroimidazoles, the fluorochinolone antibiotics and the oxazolidinone antibiotics, the steroid antibiotics, the antiseptic agents and the fungicidal/fungistatic antibiotics which are partly or entirely sheathed with a layer of glycerol tripalmitate and/or glycerol tristearate and/or glycerol trilaurate and/or 1-hexadecyl alcohol which connects the granules with each other.
CA2530543C	Illudin analogs as anti-tumor agents	A compound having the structure   wherein R = methyl or hydroxyl; and R1, R2 and R3 = methyl or alkyl.    A compound having the structure   wherein R = H or methyl; R1, R2 and R3 = methyl or alkyl; and R ~ H, when R1, R2 and R3 = methyl.
CA2536321A1	Thienopyridine-phenylacet amides and their derivatives useful as new anti-angiogenic agents	The invention relates to compounds represented by Formula (I):, and to prodrugs thereof, pharmaceutically salts or solvates of said compounds or said prodrugs, wherein each of X1-X5 and R1-R5 are defined herein. The invention also relates to pharmaceutical compositions containing the compounds of Formula (I) and to methods of treating hyperproliferative disorders in a mammal by administering compounds of Formula (I).
CA2547080A1	Heterocyclic protein kinase inhibitors and uses thereof	Described herein are compounds that are useful as protein kinase inhibitors of formula (I) or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, wherein Ring B, Z1, Z2, U, p, Q, R1, R2, R3, and R3 are as defined herein. These compounds, and pharmaceutically acceptable compositions thereof, are useful for treating or lessening the severity of a variety of disorders, including stroke, inflammatory disorders, autoimmune diseases such as SLE lupus and psoriasis, proliferative disorders such as cancer, and conditions associated with organ transplantation.
CA2547887C	Protein modifier production inhibitor	The compounds, at least in selected embodiments, are suitable as inhibitors of the formation of protein modification products capable of inhibiting vitamin B6 deficiency disease as a side effect, especially as a renal protective agent. There is provided a use, as an active ingredient, of any of free or salt-form compounds of either of the formulae: (I) or (II), wherein R1 is substituted or unsubstituted aromatic ring; and each of R2, R3 and R4 is a hydrogen atom or monovalent organic group, or alternatively R2 and R3 cooperate to form a condensed ring or R3 and R4 cooperate to represent a divalent organic group, provided that R3 and R4 are not simultaneously hydrogen atoms.(see formula I) (see formula II)
CA2548922A1	2- ( (2, 3-dihydroxypropyl) aminomethyl) chromane derivatives for use as beta-3 adrenoreceptor agonists in the treatment of urological and inflammatory disorders	This invention relates to chroman derivatives of formula (I) and salts thereof which are useful as active ingredients of pharmaceutical preparations. The chroman derivatives of the present invention have an excellent activity as BETA 3 antagonists and are useful for the prophylaxis and treatment of diseases associated with BETA 3 activity, in particular for the treatment of urological disorder or disease, such as detrusor overactivity (overactive bladder), urinary incontinence, neurogenic detrusor overactivity (detrusor hyperflexia), idiopathic detrusor overactivity (detrusor instability), benign prostatic hyperplasia, and lower urinary tract symptoms; and inflammatory disorders, such as asthma and COPD.
CA2553816A1	Di-steroidal prodrugs of ethinyl estradiol	The present invention is a di-steroidal prodrug of ethinyl estradiol according to formula (I)
CA2554073A1	1-[2h-1-benzopyran-2-one-8-yl]-piperazine derivatives for the treatment of movement disorders	The invention relates to a novel use of known 1-[2H-1-benzopyran-2-one-8-yl]~piperazine derivatives, broad spectrum 5-HT receptor binding compounds, having amongst other functional serotonin receptor activities, potent 5-HT1A receptor agonistic activity, 5-HT1D receptor antagonistic activity and 5-HT7 receptor agonistic activity. The compounds of the invention are useful for the preparation of medicaments for treating, ameliorating or preventing movement disorders. The invention relates to compounds of the general formula (1) (1) wherein the symbols have the meanings as given in the description.
CA2558019A1	Alpha-trifluoromethyl alcohols or amines as glucocorticoid mimetics	Compounds of Formula (I) wherein R1, R2, R3, R4, R5, R6 and X are as defined herein for Formula (IA) and Formula (IB), or a tautomer, prodrug, solvate, or salt thereof; pharmaceutical compositions containing such compounds, and methods of modulating the glucocorticoid receptor function and methods of treating disease-states or conditions mediated by the glucocorticoid receptor function or characterized by inflammtory, allergic, or proliferative processes in a patient using these compounds.
CA2558160A1	Antisense oligonucleotides for treatment of muscle wasting	The invention provides compositions of oligonucleotides targeted at genes involved in muscle wasting and/or muscle growth. In some embodiments, the oligonucleotides are modified. In some embodiments, the compositions contain one, or more than one, oligonucleotide. The invention also provides methods and kits using the compositions of the invention for the treatment of muscle wasting conditions and/or the promotion of muscle growth.
CA2562821A1	Composition and method for raising blood glucose level	Composition and method of administering the composition to oral mucosa, to raise the blood glucose (sugar) level of an individual. The composition comprises: a. an effective amount of glucose, b. an effective amount of at least one absorption enhancer chosen from lecithin, hyaluronic acid, glycolic acid, lactic acid, chamomile extract, cucumber extract, oleic acid, linoleic acid, linolenic acid, monoolein, monooleates, monolaurates, borage oil, evening primrose oil, menthol, trihydroxy oxo cholanyl glycine, glycerin, polyglycerin, lysine, polylysine, triolein, polyoxyethylene ethers, polidocanol alkyl ethers, chenodeoxycholate, deoxycholate, alkali metal salicylate, pharmaceutically acceptable edetate, and pharmaceutically acceptable salts and analogues thereof, and c. an effective amount of a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier, wherein the composition is free of any active pharmaceutical agents. Also disclosed are non-aerosol dispensers containing and for use in administering the composition, and the use of the composition to raise blood glucose levels, to treat hypoglycemia or low blood sugar, or in the manufacture of a product to treat hypoglycemia or low blood sugar.
CA2567916C	Method for producing antibiotic / antibiotics - particles and their use	A method for producing antibiotic / antibiotics-particles characterized in that an aqueous solution of an amino glycoside-antibiotic or an aqueous solution comprising two or more amino glyco-side-antibiotics is mixed under agitation with a solvent mixture comprising isopropanol and at least one additional alcohol, with the volume ratio of the solvent mixture to the aqueous solution being at least 3 to 1 and with the suspension developed being agitated until the primarily yielded coarse antibiotic / antibiotics aggregates disintegrate into particles, which have a grain size smaller than 400 m.
CA2574518A1	Pharmaceutical composition and non dependence coffee comprising edible carboxylic acid and/or its acid salt and coffeine	Pharmaceutical composition and food comprising edible carboxylic acid and/or its acid salt and optionally coffeine, crude drug and pharmaceutical acceptable carrier are disclosed. The invention also discloses the use and method of the composition or food. The composition or food of the present invention can prevent, treat or relief allergy, ache, cold, viral infection, thrombus or clotting, inflammation, cancer, intoxication, memory decay, coffeine dependence. The invention also relates to feedstuff for animals.
CA2583658A1	Multi-carotenoids compositions and uses therefor	A stable nutritional supplement composition for oral administration comprising about 71% by weight, of a tomato extract containing therein at least 2% to 10% by weight of lycopene, 0.25% to 2% by weight of phytoene, and 0.2% to 2% by weight of phytofluene, and about 29% by weight, of a suitable encapsulating matrix. A suitable encapsulating matrix is an edible oil exemplified by soya oil, pumpkin seed oil, grape-seed oil and the like. The tomato extract may additionally comprise one or more of at least one carotene selected from the group comprising .beta.-carotene, .gamma.- carotene, and .delta.-carotene, a phytosterol, a tocopheral and a phospholipid. The tomato extract may be further processed into oleoresin emulsions, or into beadlets, or into dry powders. Methods for ameliorating the effects of aging-related urinary tract malfunctions in men, comprising orally administrating on a regular basis, an effective amount of the nutritional supplement compositions disclosed herein.
CA2585967A1	Substituted indolizines and derivatives as cns agents	Compounds of formula (I) of pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof are provided: formula (I), which are agonists or partial agonists of the 2C subtype of brain serotonin receptors. The compounds, and compositions containing the compounds, can be used to treat a variety of central nervous system disorders such as schizophrenia.
CA2597616A1	Cycloalkylfused indole, benzothiophene, benzofuran and indene derivatives	The present invention provides cycloalkylfused indole, benzothiophene, benzofuran, and indene derivatives, and methods for using them to, for example, treat, prevent and/or ameliorate central nervous system diseases by antagonizing 5-HT1A receptors and modulating serotonin levels.
CA2603030A1	Benzyloxypropylamine derivative	Disclosed is a novel benzyloxypropylamine derivative having an excellent tachykinin receptor antagonistic effect. This compound shows a good transfer into the blood and a long blood half-life in the blood kinetic test using a guinea pig orally administered with the compound and is stable in an animal plasma. The compound also shows a high transfer to the central nervous system when it is orally administered to a guinea pig at a certain dose. Accordingly, the benzyloxypropylamine derivative is quite useful as a novel anti-tachykinin agent.
CA2604161A1	Purine and imidazopyridine derivatives for immunosuppression	The present invention provides novel purine and imidazopyridine derivatives useful for the prevention and treatment of autoimmune diseases, inflammatory disease, mast cell mediated disease and transplant rejection. The compounds are of the general formulas ( I ) and ( II ).
CA2604515A1	Toll-like receptor 14 (tlr14 ) and use thereof	An isolated polypeptide comprises an amino acid sequence of SEQ ID No. 1 or 2 or a variant or fragment thereof. The variant may comprise an amino acid sequence that is at least 70% or 95% identical to the amino acid sequence of SEQ ID No. 1 or 2. A fragment thereof may be a peptide comprising at least 12 contiguous amino acids of SEQ ID No. 1 or 2. The polypeptide exhibits toll-like receptor activity. The TLR has been named TLRl 4. TLR receptors recognise a range of ligands and activate a series of signalling pathways that lead to the induction of immune and inflammatory genes.
CA2613911A1	Crystalline forms of macrolide compounds endowed with antiinflammatory activity	The present invention relates to macrolide compounds endowed with antiinflammatory activity and more particularly relates to new stable crystalline forms of a macrolide derivative with antiinflammatory activity, processes for the preparation of such forms, pharmaceutical compositions containing them as active ingredient and the use of said crystalline Forms for the treatment of inflammatory diseases.
CA2624220A1	1- (1h- indol- 1-yl) -3- (methylamino) -1- phenylpropan-2-ol derivatives and related compounds as modulators of the monoamine reuptake for the treatment of vasomotor symptoms (vms)	The present invention is directed to phenylaminopropanol derivatives of formulae (I), (II), and (III); or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, compositions containing these derivatives, and methods of their use for the prevention and treatment of conditions ameliorated by monoamine reuptake including, inter alia, vasomotor symptoms (VMS), sexual dysfunction, gastrointestinal and genitourinary disorders, chronic fatigue syndrome, fibromylagia syndrome, nervous system disorders, and combinations thereof, particularly those conditions selected from the group consisting of major depressive disorder, vasomotor symptoms, stress and urge urinary incontinence, fibromyalgia, pain, diabetic neuropathy, schizophrenia, and combinations thereof.
CA2641871A1	Pharmaceutical composition for treating alcohol-induced liver injury comprising (4s, 5s)-5-fluoromethyl-5-hydroxy-4-({[(5r)-5-isopropyl-3-(isoquinolin-1-yl)-4,5-dihydro-5-isoxazolyl]carbonyl}amino)-dihydrofuran-2-one or pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof	The present invention relates to a pharmaceutical composition for treating alcohol-induced liver injury comprising (4S,5S)-5-fluoromethyl-5-hydroxy-4-({[(5R)-5-isopropyl-3-(isoquinolin-1-yl)-4,5-dihydro-5-isoxazolyl]carbonyl}amino)-dihydrofuran-2-one or pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, and a use thereof.
CA2644356A1	Heterocyclic organic compounds for the treatment of in particular melanoma	The present invention relates to the discovery that certain compounds inhibit, regulate and/or modulate tyrosine and serine/threonine kinase and kinase-like proteins, such as RAF kinase, a serine/threonine kinase that functions in the MAP kinase signaling pathway, and is concerned with compositions which contain these compounds, and methods of using them to treat tyrosine and serine/threonine kinase and kinase-like dependent diseases, such as angiogenesis, cancer and cardiac hypertrophy. (Formula I).
CA2665501A1	Methods and compositions for the treatment and prevention of bone loss	Disclosed herein are methods and compositions for the treatment and prevention of bone loss. The methods comprise providing a therapeutically effective amount of at least one chelating agent to a subject. The methods further comprise providing a therapeutically effective amount of estrogen or at least one estrogen analogue to a subject. Compositions disclosed herein for the treatment and prevention of bone loss comprise a chelator and estrogen or at least one estrogen analogue. The compositions further comprise at least one of a bisphosphonate, a selective estrogen receptor modulator, or a hormone.
CA2673097A1	Fused heterocyclic compound	Disclosed is a fused heterocyclic compound having tyrosine kinase inhibitory activity. Formula (I) (In the formula, R1 represents a hydrogen atom, a halogen atom, or an optionally substituted group which is bonded through a carbon atom, a nitrogen atom or an oxygen atom, R2 represents a hydrogen atom or an optionally substituted group which is bonded through a carbon atom or a sulfur atom, or alternatively R1 and R2 or R2 and R3 are respectively bonded together to form an optionally substituted ring structure; R3 represents a hydrogen atom or an optionally substituted aliphatic hydrocarbon group, or alternatively R3 is bonded with a carbon atom of ring A to form an optionally substituted ring structure; ring A represents an optionally substituted benzene ring; and ring B represents (i) an optionally substituted fused ring, or (ii) a pyridine ring having an optionally substituted carbamoyl (which pyridine ring may be further substituted).)
CA2676172A1	Pharmaceutical compositions comprising 2-methoxy-5-(5-trifluoromethyl-tetrazol-1-yl-benzyl)-(2s-phenyl-piperidin-3s-yl-)	The present invention relates to pharmaceutical compositions comprising an NK1 receptor antagonist and a sodium channel blocker compound of formula (I) wherein R1 and R2 are independently hydrogen, C1-6alkyl or C3-6cycloalkylC1-6alkyl; or R1 and R2, together with the nitrogen to which they are attached, may form an unsubstitued 3-, 4-, 5- or 6-membered saturated ring; R3 is C1-6alkyl, C1-6haloalkyl, C1-3alkoxyC1-3alkyl or C1-3haloalkoxyC1-3alkyl; or R1 and R3, together with the interconnecting atoms, form a saturated or unsaturated 4- to 6-membered ring; X is carbon or nitrogen; n is 0, 1 or 2, wherein when present each R4 is independently selected from the list consisting of C1-3alkyl, halogen, cyano, haloC1-3alkyl, hydroxy, C1-3alkoxy and C1-3haloalkoxy; q is 1 or 2; either R5 or R6 is -O-R7 or -OCH2R7, wherein the other R5 or R6 is hydrogen or R4; and wherein R7 is either a phenyl ring or a 5- or 6-membered aromatic heterocyclic ring (independently containing one or more nitrogen, sulphur or oxygen atoms) wherein either the phenyl ring or the heterocyclic ring is optionally substituted by one or more groups independently selected from the list consisting of C1-3alkyl, halogen, cyano, haloC1-3alkyl, hydroxy, C1-3alkoxy and C1-3haloalkoxy; or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt or solvate thereof; as a combined preparation for simultaneous or sequential administration, and to the use of such compositions in the treatment of certain disorders, including epilepsy and mood disorders.
CA2691943A1	Combinations of vasoactive substances with estrogens and their use in the treatment of female sexual dysfunctions	Compositions comprising: - vasokinetic natural coumarins or extracts containing them; anti-phosphodiesterase agents selected from 3,7-O-di-(2- hydroxyethyl)icaritin or 7-O-hydroxyethyl-icariside 11 and/or forskolin or extracts containing them; phytoestrogens selected from ferutinine or ferutinine- containing extracts ofFerula sp.or p-pivaloylferutinine.
CA2714398A1	3-(4-fluorophenyl)-3-hydroxy-2-amino-propionic acid amides and related compounds having analgesic activity	Compounds according to the formula below are disclosed herein: Therapeutic methods for the treatment of pain, compositions, and medicaments related thereto are also disclosed.
CA2729582A1	Particles containing an opioid receptor antagonist and methods of use	Particles comprising an opioid receptor antagonist as well as methods of their use and methods of their preparation are provided herein Such particles may be used for treating and preventing opioid-induced side effects in patients, and may be provided to chronic opioid users as well
CA2741842A1	Concentrated liquid diet	The concentrated liquid diet of the present invention is a concentrated liquid diet having a total amount of a medium-chain fatty acid having 8 carbon atoms and a medium-chain fatty acid having 10 carbon atoms included as constitutive fatty acids of a triglyceride being 2.5 to 8.0 g per 100 kcal of the energy of the concentrated liquid diet, the concentrated liquid diet having in the total mass of the medium-chain fatty acid having 8 carbon atoms and the medium-chain fatty acid having 10 carbon atoms the rate of the medium-chain fatty acid having 10 carbon atoms being no less than 60% by mass, and the rate of the medium-chain fatty acid having 8 carbon atoms being no greater than 40% by mass.
CA2745063A1	2- (piperidin-1-yl) -4-heterocyclyl-thiazole-5-carboxylic acid derivatives against bacterial infections	Compounds of formula (I) and their pharmaceutically acceptable salts are described. Processes for their preparation, pharmaceutical compositions containing them, their use as medicaments and their use in the treatment of bacterial infections are also described. Ring A is selected from formula (a), (b) or (b'):
CA2747055C	Substituted benzimidazole derivatives as protein kinase inhibitors	The present invention provides a compound of formula (I) or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof which is useful in the treatment of cell proliferative diseases.
CA2749218C	Hydroxy-methyl isoxazole derivatives as gaba a modulators	The present invention is concerned with novel hydroxy-methyl isoxazole derivatives of formula (I) wherein R1, R2 and R3 are as described herein, as well as pharmaceutically acceptable salts and esters thereof. The active compounds of the present invention have affinity and selectivity for GABA A a5 receptor. Further the present invention is concerned with the manufacture of the active compounds of formula I, pharmaceutical compositions containing them and their use as medicaments.
CA2754058A1	8-substituted quinolines and related analogs as sirtuin modulators	Provided herein are 8-substituted quinolines and related analogues as sirtuin-modulating compounds of Structural Formula (I) and methods of use thereof. The sirtuin-modulating compounds may be used for increasing the lifespan of a cell, and treating and/or preventing a wide variety of diseases and disorders including, for example, diseases or disorders related to aging or stress, diabetes, obesity, neurodegenerative diseases, cardiovascular disease, blood clotting disorders, inflammation, cancer, and/or flushing as well as diseases or disorders that would benefit from increased mitochondrial activity. Also provided are compositions comprising a sirtuin-modulating compound in combination with another therapeutic agent.
CA2756796A1	Novel solvate and crystalline forms of carbamoyl-cyclohexane derivatives	The present invention relates to novel solvate and crystalline forms of carbamoyl-cyclohexane derivatives and, more particularly, to novel solvate and crystalline forms of trans-1{4-[2-[4-(2,3-dichlorophenyl)-piperazin-1-yl]-ethyl]--cyclohexyl}-3,3-dimethyl-urea hydrochloride. Processes for the preparation of these forms, compositions containing these forms, and methods of use thereof are also described.
CA2765919A1	New antiviral compounds useful for the treatment or the prevention of epidemic keratoconjonctivitis	Herein arc disclosed novel compounds according to Formula (I) and aggregates comprising such compounds. These aggregates arc useful to treat and prevent ocular infections caused by a vims, which virus binds to terminal sialic residues present on the cell surface of the cell to be infected by the virus.
CA2777816A1	Methods and compositions for novel liquid crystal delivery systems	Methods of making a liquid crystal mixture essentially comprised of at least one fatty acid ester or fatty acid, at least one polyhydric solvent, and at least one alkali reactant. The resultant mixture includes at least one fatty acid ester or fatty acid, at least one polyhydric solvent, and at least one salt of said fatty acid ester or fatty acid. The resultant mixture exhibits enhanced stability and aqueous solubility of fatty acids and fatty acid esters. When medium chain fatty acid monoglycerides are used in the method, the resultant mixture exhibits antimicrobial efficacy.
CA2799390A1	Prodrug of triazolone compound	By oral administration of a compound represented by the following Formula (I): the blood level of Compound (IV): which has an excellent inhibitory action against blood coagulation factor VIIa and the anticoagulant action, reaches a level sufficient for expression of its pharmacological actions. Therefore, the compound of the present invention is useful as a therapeutic and/or prophylactic agent for diseases caused by thrombus formation.
CA2806362A1	Administration of rifalazil to immunocompromised patients	Compositions and methods for treating a bacterial infection, or disorder associated with a bacterial infection, in a patient being treated for another disorder with a drug metabolized by CYP450, are disclosed. The methods involve administering a therapeutically effective amount of a composition comprising rifalazil or rifalazil analogs that does not modulate CYP450. The bacterial infection may be caused by a bacteria with an active and inactive, latent form, and the rifalazil is administered in an amount and for a duration sufficient to treat both the active and the inactive, latent form of the bacterial infection, which duration is longer than is needed to treat the active form of the bacterial infection. One such bacterial infection is tuberculosis, and the method can be used to treat immunocompromised tuberculosis patients, including those being treated with protease inhibitors and/or NNRTI.
CA2806647A1	5-ht2b receptor antagonists	The present invention relates to novel fluorinated piperidine derivatives having antagonistic activity at the 5-HT2B receptor, pharmaceutical compositions comprising these compounds and their use as a medicine in the treatment or prevention of pulmonary arterial hypertension, pulmonary fibrosis or irritable bowel syndrome.
CA2815792A1	Felbinac-containing external patch	Provided is a felbinac-containing external patch that shows a high drug release property and also low skin irritation, and is capable of exerting high drug stability. This felbinac-containing external patch is characterized in that L-menthol is not contained, and felbinac having an average particle size of 5 m or more but less than 100 m is dispersed to mix with an adhesive base that is composed of styrene-isoprene-styrene block copolymer, alicyclic saturated hydrocarbon resin, softener, and diethyl sebacate, specifically, 0.1 to 10% by weight of felbinac having an average particle size of 5 m or more but less than 100 m is dispersed to mix with an adhesive base that is composed of 10 to 30% by weight of styrene-isoprene-styrene block copolymer, 10 to 50% by weight of alicyclic saturated hydrocarbon resin, 10 to 75% by weight of softener, and 0.1 to 10% by weight of diethyl sebacate.
CA2832310A1	Substituted imidazopyridines and intermediates thereof	The present invention relates to substituted imidazopyridine compounds of general formula (I) in which R3, R5 and A are as defined in the claims, to methods of preparing said compounds, to pharmaceutical compositions and combinations comprising said compounds and to the use of said compounds for manufacturing a pharmaceutical composition for the treatment or prophylaxis of a disease, in particular of a hyper-proliferative and/or angiogenesis disorder, as a sole agent or in combination with other active ingredients.
CA2832958A1	Glycoside derivatives and their use for the treatment of diabetes	The present invention provides a compound of formula I; (I) a method for manufacturing the compounds of the invention, and its therapeutic uses. The present invention further provides a combination of pharmacologically active agents and a pharmaceutical composition.
CA2842015A1	Imino-sugar c-glycosides, preparation and use thereof	The present disclosure relates to iminosugar derivatives and processes for the preparation thereof. The disclosed compounds have glycosidase inhibiting properties, and are useful in the treatment of various diseases, such as type 2 diabetes, neurodegenerative diseases or lysosomal storage disorders. The present disclosure also relates to pharmaceutical compositions containing the disclosed compounds and to their use as biochemical tools.
CA2850955A1	Pharmaceutical compositions of hydrophobic camptothecin derivatives	The present invention provides a pharmaceutical composition comprising at least one hydrophobic camptothecin derivative or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt of said derivative and a polyethylene glycol (PEG) conjugated phospholipid. Also provided is a method to inhibit cancer cells in a subject in need thereof by administering the pharmaceutical composition of the present invention.
CA2851516A1	Guanidinyl-substituted polyamides useful for treating human papilloma virus	Polyamide compositions containing guanidinyl radicals, including tetramethylguanidinyl radicals, are described. These polyamides are useful for medical applications, for example, for treating human papilloma virus infections.
CA2856646A1	Combination treatment of cancer	The present invention relates to a combination comprising AZD5363, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, and at least one androgen receptor signalling modulator selected from MDV-3100 (also known as enzalutamide), AZD3514, abiraterone (or an ester prodrug thereof: e.g. abiraterone acetate), and bicalutamide; or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof. Each of these combinations may be useful in the treatment of cancer. The invention also relates to pharmaceutical compositions comprising such combinations, and further relates to methods of treatment comprising the simultaneous, sequential or separate administration of AZD5363, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, with at least one androgen receptor signalling modulator as described above, to warm-blooded animal, such as a human for the treatment of cancer. The invention also relates to a kit comprising such combinations.
CN100579521C	Fatty acid analogues for the treatment of proliferative skin disorders	The present invention relates to fatty acid analogues of the general formula I: R1- [x1 - CH2]n - COOR2 wherein R1 is; a C1-C24 alkene with one or more double bonds and/or with one or more triple bonds, and/or a C1-C24 alkyne, and/or a C1-C24 alkyl, or a C1-C24 alkyl substituted in one or several positions with one or more compounds selected from the group comprising fluoride, chloride, hydroxy, C1-C4 alkoxy, C1-C4 alkylthio, C2-C5 acyloxy or C1-C4 alkyl, and wherein R2 represents hydrogen or C1-C4 alkyl, and wherein n is an integer from 1 to 12, and wherein i is an odd number and indicates the position relative to COOR2, and wherein X1 independent of each other are selected from the group comprising O, S, SO, SO2, Se and CH2, and with the proviso that at least one of the Xi is not CH2, and with the proviso that if R1 is an alkyne or alkene, then the carbon-carbon triple bond or double bond is positioned between the ( omega -1) carbon and the ( omega -2) carbon, or between the ( omega -2) carbon and the ( omega -3) carbon, or between the ( omega -3) carbon and the ( omega -4) carbon, which can be used for the treatment and/or prevention of proliferative skin disorders. More specifically the invention relates to the inhibition of proliferation and/or differentiation of keratinocytes.
CN100998588A	Precursor medicine of vegetative estrogen able to release nitrogen monooxide slowly and preparing method therefor	A precursor medicine of phytoestrogen able to slowly release NO for treating osteoporosis, woman's climacteric syndrome and cardiovascular disease is a compound phytoestrogen-R-NO, and is prepared through esterifying the nitrogen contained compound and phytoestrogen, linking them with bridging radical, and nitrating. Its other preparing processes are also disclosed.
CN100999539A	Erythromycin A-9 oxime derivate	The present invention relates to erythromycin A-9 oxime derivatives in the general expression as shown and their salts or hydrates, which may be used as antibiotic medicine.
CN101003509A	New pharmic acceptable salt of pyritinol, and preparation method	This invention relates to new pharmaceutically acceptable salts and solvates of pyritinol, drug composition containing them, and their application in treating diseases. This invention also provides a method for preparing them. The salts and solvates of pyritinol can be used as an alternative for commercialized hydrochloride drug. The salts and solvates of pyritinol have such advantages as high stability, high solubility, little stimulation and high safety, and can satisfy clinical requirements.
CN101003539A	Trometamol salt in compound of cillin category, and preparation method	This invention discloses trometamol salts of cillin compounds, or their hydrates that can be used to treat bacillosis. As hown in formula 1, the salts comprise trometamol salts of azlocillin, amoxicillin, ampicillin, oxazacillin, furbucillin, cloxacillin, mezlocillin, mecillinam, piperacillin, ticarcillin, floxacillin, hetacillin, cloxacillin and penicillin. This invention provides drug compositions with the salts shown in formula 1 as the active components, and their application in drugs for treating bacillosis.
CN101006984B	An injection preparation containing salvianolic acid A and extract of panax natoginseng, and its preparation method and application	The invention discloses a salvianolic acid A and notoginseng extract preparation for injection, its preparing process and use thereof, characterized in that the preparation comprises salvianolic acidA and Notoginsen triterpenes by a weight ratio of 1:1-10, preferably 1:3, the weight ratio of salvianolic acid A and notoginseng panaxadiol saponin is 1:1-5, the weight ratio of salvianolic acid A andnotoginseng panaxadiol saponin Rb1 is 1:0.5-5. The preparation has good pharmaceutical actions.
CN101007165A	A compound preparation for treating respiratory tract infection and its preparation method	The invention relates to a compound preparation for treating respiratory tract infection, which mainly comprises (by weight portions) amoxicillin 100-1250, mannosan peptide 1-30. The amoxicillin can be trihydrate of amoxicillin, waterless amoxicillin or the alkali metal salt of amoxicillin. The invention also provides a process for preparing the compound preparation.
CN101007174A	Biodegradable polymer docetaxel bonded drug and preparation method thereof	The invention discloses a biological decomposable macromolecular-polyPaclitaxel bonding drug and making method, which is characterized by the following: opening ring of aliphatic cyclic esters under the action of carbowax, solvent and catalyst; obtaining the block polymer of carbowax and aliphatic cyclic esters; transmitting terminated hydroxyl into terminated carboxyl; etherifying with polyPaclitaxel; obtaining the product with amphipathy; making micelle solution through solvent replacing method as well as freeze dried.
CN101007809A	Water-soluble camptothecine derivative and its preparation process and application thereof	The invention discloses water-soluble camptothecine derivatives with its general formula being (I), its mono-isomer, antimer and relevant mixer, medical-use salt and active metabolism. The definition of R1 and R2 is expressed in instruction manual. The derivatives are prepared through Sonogashira reaction with 7- chloro- camptothecine by using palladium catalyst with existance of organophosphorus ligand and alkali. Said water-soluble camptothecine derivatives can resist tumor and can be used to prepare anti-tumor medicine.
CN101007838A	Nucleic acid molecule RTN4BSR22 and its application in preparing anticancer medicine	The invention belongs to the field of biological pharmacology, and relates to the use of RTN4BSR22 in preparing antitumor medicament, wherein a nucleotide molecule is provided which can be used for preparing antitumor medicaments, wherein the sequence includes 5'-AAACACCACTCCAGTCTTC-3' or 5'-AAACACCACUCCAGUCUUC-3', and is named RTN4BSR22 in the present invention. The nucleotide molecule RTN4BSR22 of the invention can be injected into tumors of the nude mice, compared with nude mice injected with other nucleotide molecule under the identical culture conditions, the tumor growth is inhibited appreciably, which is becoming more appreciable with lapses of time. The invention provides a novel approach for the treatment and alleviation of tumor.
CN101010087B	High yield and rapid synthesis method for processing organic metal salt	The invention relates to a new method for preparing salts of metal cations and organic acids, especially divalent salts of alkaline earth metal ions from group II of the periodic system and carboxylic acids. The method comprising the use of a high temperature (about 90 DEG or more) and, optionally. high pressure, in order to obtain a higher yield, purity and faster reaction speed than obtained with known synthesis methods. In particular, the present invention relates to the production of strontium salts of carboxylic acids. Novel strontium salts are also provided by the present method.
CN101010102A	Composition comprising non-oxidizable fatty acid analogoues and plant and/or fish oils	The present invention concerns a composition prepared from a combination of plant oil and/or fish oil and a compound comprising non ss-oxidizable fatty acid analogues, and the use of said composition for the preparation of a pharmaceutical or nutritional composition for the prevention and/or treatment of insulin resistance, obesity, diabetes, fatty liver, hypercholesterolemia, dyslipidemia, atherosclerosis, coronary heart disease, thrombosis, stenosis, secondary stenosis, myocardial infarction, stroke, elevated blood pressure, endothelial dysfunction, procoagulant state, polycystic ovary syndrome, the metabolic syndrome, cancer, inflammatory disorders and proliferate skin disorders. The present invention also concerns an animal feed prepared from a combination of plant oil and/or fish oil and a compound comprising non ss-oxidizable fatty acid analogues, the use of said feed for improving the body composition of an animal, and a product produced from said animal.
CN101011383A	Dispersible tablet of coumarin derivative and its preparation method	The invention relates to a disperser drug, which contains 6, 7-methylenedioxy coumarin or/and 6-hydroxyl-7-methoxy coumarin and medical carrier, wherein, the carrier comprises disintegration agent, stuff, surface activator, wetting adhesive, or lubricant. The invention uses wetting particle press method. The inventive drug has simple production and low cost, while the disintegration is quick, with quick adsorption to improve the biological utilization and drug density in blood, to improve the treatment effect.
CN101015543A	Use of cinnamic acid and allyl benzoate compound with oxidation resistance function for protecting liver and brain damage	This invention relates to an application of cinnamic acid styracine type curcumin analogs in resisting oxidation, and protecting liver and preventing brain damage. it has been found by test that the compound has effects in protecting liver cells of suckling mouse from damage, promoting liver cells repair, scavenging superoxide anion and DPPH in vitro, inhibiting the generating activity of lipid peroxide, protecting pheochromocytoma cell simulating cranial nerve from damaging, and chelating iron ion. Thus it is can be expected to be used for preparing medicine for preventing and treating chronic or acute liver or brain damage diseases, apoplexy, sequelae of apoplexy, Parkinson's disease, senile dementia, inflammation, autoimmune disease, tumour, myocardial ischemia, cardiac hypertrophy, senility, allergic response, and atherosclerosis.
CN101019870A	New use of sarsasapogenin in medicine for preventing and treating depression	The present invention provides the new use of sarsasapogenin in medicine for preventing and treating depression. Sarsasapogenin has less toxicity, and obvious effect of remitting hypoomnesia, immune degradation, etc caused by depression. The medicine for preventing and treating depression is prepared with sarsasapogenin or its pharmaceutically acceptable salt, ester, glycoside, etc. and may be used in preventing and treating depression, including endogenous depression, reactive depression, masked depression, etc. It may be also used for mammal.
CN101019895B	Health product for reducing blood sugar and its prepn	The present invention relates to health product, and is especially one kind of health product for reducing blood sugar and its preparation process. The health product is prepared with 14 kinds of material, including chitin amine, tea polyphenol, taurine, spirulina, pollen, etc in certain weight proportion. The preparation process includes mixing the materials, pelletizing, drying, crushing, encapsulating and other steps. The health product has the health functions of resisting oxidation, eliminating lipid peroxide, activating and repairing beta cell, etc.
CN101020059B	Medicine composition containing docetaxel matter and its preparation process	The present invention relates to medicine composition containing docetaxel matter suitable for injection and its preparation process. The medicine composition has docetaxel or its salt or hydrate as the active component, and cyclodextrin and amino acid as complex solubilizing agent. The injection of the medicine composition of the present invention has high stability, less toxic side effect and other advantages.
CN101020705A	Helicid-Mannich alkali medicine with transquilizing activity and its prepn process	The present invention discloses Helicid derivatives capable of improving function of central nervous system and their preparation process. The said compounds have effects of tranquilizing, sopiting and antagonizing convulsion. They have the chemical expression as shown. The Helicid derivatives are prepared with active plant monomer Helicid with activity of tranquilizing, sopiting and antagonizing convulsion as the mother compound and through structural modification, and have high activity of improving function of central nervous system.
CN101024055A	Method for preparing sporo-toxin-bacteria liver-protection vaccine for domestic animal, fowl and aquatic animals	The present invention discloses a preparation method of sporotoxin liver-protecting vaccine for livestock, poultry and aquatic animal. Said preparation method includes the following steps: mixing hypericin, astragalus root, pig's gallbladder, licorice, sihuanglian, isatis root and lesser galangal root according to a certain mixing ratio, cooking, condensing the evaporated gas and drying to obtain powder, using ethyl alcohol solution whose concentration is 80%-90% to make extraction, adding cane sugar, water and anhydrous ethyl alcohole, mixing the above-mentioned materials with vitamin, stirring them so as to obtain the invented product.
CN101032469A	Clindamycin phosphate bubble agent and preparing method	The present invention is clindamycin phosphate foam agent and its preparation process. The process of preparing clindamycin phosphate foam agent includes the steps of: dissolving clindamycin phosphate in water; adding span-80, sodium dodecyl sulfate, glycerin, etc via homogeneous mixing; adding distilled water via stirring and regulating pH value; filling the mixture into container, setting in emulsion pump and pressing the emulsion pump manually to generate foam, or adding propellant to generate foam. The foam agent makes its medicine distributed inside vagina or on the surface of skin to take action fast. The foam agent has fast and high treating effect, high safety and use convenience, and is one good medicine for treating gynecologic diseases.
CN101036660A	Estrogen gelatin medicine and the method for preparing the same	The invention relates to a estrogen gel drug and a method for preparing the same. The estrogen gel drug is formed by materials of estradiol, alcohol, propanediol, azone laurocapram, carbomer, water, trolamine, etc., via a determined simple process with low cost. The invention provides a special drug having good curative effect, high bioavailability, less side reaction, high safety, convenience for using and low cost, for patient with low level of estrin.
CN101037415A	S-DABO compound, synthesizing method and usage	S-DABO composition and its synthesis method and function belong to medicine technical medicine. The invention relates to a 5-alkyl-6-phenyl-2-(substituted arylcarbonylmethylsulfur)uracil composition, having following general formula: wherein, R1 is C1-3 alkyl; R2=C1-6 alkyl, substituted furan ring, thiofuran ring, benzene ring (substituent on the benzene ring is H, OH, Cl3 alkoxy), having the 5-alkyl-6-phenylthiouracil as reagent, reacting with alpha-halogen ketone to get the inventive product which is catalyzed by K2CO3. The synthesis method is easy to operate. The product has an obvious anti-HIV virus activity, a low toxicity, a high selectivity index and can be an anti-HIV medicine candidate.
CN101040905B	Medicine made by selfheal for reducing blood sugar	The invention discloses a hypoglycemic agent prepared from prunella spike, wherein the content of prunella spike triterpenic acid is not less than 50%. The prunella spike triterpenic acid is prepared by using natural Chinese drug prunella spike rough powder as initial material, to be immerged in alcohol, heated and refluxed, dried at acid condition and extracted repeatedly via organic solvent, toobtain the prunella spike triterpenic acid extractive, which is mixed with carrier or shaping agent into drug or other hypoglycemic agents into composite agent. The inventive composite agent formed by the effective part of hypoglycemic agent and other hypoglycemic agents has simple components, easy operation, low side effect, and the support on drug quality control and batch production.
CN101041641A	Di-diamino dihydrogen triazine derivative and preparation method and usage thereof	The invention discloses a di-diamino dihydrogen triazine derivant with structural general formula as general formula I, wherein R is H, methyl or ethyl; R' is C-C7 alkyl, phenyl or phenyl with one or several alkoxide, halogen, hydrocarbyl group, nitro group or hydroxy; R and R' forms (CH2) z (z is 4-6); A is O(CH2)nO and (CH2)n in the formula II (n is 1-10; m is 1-2); fitting for making antitrypanosomal.
CN101041652B	Separating purified new bisflavone compound from dragon's blood and preparation method thereof	The invention discloses a making method of separated and purified new bis-flavonoid from dragon's blood, which is characterized by the following: adopting dragon's blood as raw material; extracting through ligarine, acetone, acetic ester solvent sequently; separating and recrystallizing the acetic ester solvent extract through silica gel column or rapid silica gel column to chromatograph; obtaining the product named 8-(3-(4-hydroxy-2-methoxybenzene)-1-(4-hydroxy benzene) propyl )-2-(4-hydroxy phenyl )-7-methoxy -4H-benzopyranyl -4-ketone to inhibit alpha-glucosidase acitivty and reduce blood sugar.
CN101049301A	Pharmaceutical preparation of biflavone compound for anti gout	A bisflavone medicine for preventing and treating gout, preventing the xanthine and hypoxanthine from being oxidized to become uric acid, and relaxing the hyperuricemia and its secondary diseases is prepared from one or more of bisflavone compounds and the auxiliaries.
CN101052384B	Non-aqueous transdermal absorption preparation containing non-steroid antiphlogistic analgesic	A nonsteroidal antiflammatory analgesic in the form of an alkali metal salt; and a nonaqueous preparation for percutaneous absorption which comprises a support and, superposed thereon, a pressure-sensitive adhesive layer comprising a nonaqueous base compounded with an inorganic acid which is more strongly acidic than the nonsteroidal antiflammatory analgesic in its free state. In the nonaqueous preparation for percutaneous absorption, due to the addition of the inorganic acid, the drug in the form of an alkali metal salt has improved solubility in the nonaqueous base and easily moves to the skin surface. Thus, drug releasability from the nonaqueous preparation for percutaneous absorption and drug penetration through the skin can be improved. Since the inorganic acid has no alcoholic hydroxy group in the structure, the drug does not react with the inorganic acid. The nonaqueous preparation hence undergoes no decrease in drug stability caused by esterification.
CN101053553B	Biodegradable fluorourcacil polyester medicine-carried nanospheres and its preparation method	The invention relates to biodegradable fluorouracil(Fu) polyester drug-bearing manoparticles with a coating material of polylactic acid, polylactic acid-glycolic acid, polylactic acid-polyethylene glycol block copolymer or polylactic acid-glycolic acid-polyethylene glycol block copolymer and the producing method including: firstly, fully dissolving the copolymer in the dichloromethane, under the ultrasonic shock, injecting the fluorouracil NaOH solution in the dichloromethane solution, dispersing uniformly, forming W/O primary latex, and beating up the primary latex and injecting into the fluorouracil saturated water solution containing 5 wt% of polyvinylalcohol (PVA), and storing in the refrigeratory after freeze-dry. The drug-bearing manoparticle has a drug content which is 10-25% of the microparticle mass, and has a smooth surface, an even diameter distribution, a remarkable slow release function and not adhesive. The micropartical size is 100-1000nm.
CN101062020A	Tiotropium bromide capsule type dry powder inhalations and the preparing method thereof	The invention discloses a tipetropium bromine ammonium capsule type sucking powder cloud agent and preparing craft, which is characterized by the following: comprising capsule shell and capsule content; allocating the capsule content with 0. 1-10% tipetropium bromine ammonium load medicine super fine and 90%-99. 9% shaped agent; setting the average grain size less than 10mum and 80% grain size less than 5mum; setting the shaped grain size between 75mum and 180mum range; setting the shaped agent as the mixture of crystallisation milk sugar or crystallisation milk sugar and spray drying milk sugar.
CN101062030A	Method of preparing silybin frozen powder injection	The invention discloses a preparing method of Silybum marianum freeze dry powder needle, which comprises the following steps: adding 10-20 double alcohol or methanol into the mixture of Silybum marianum unit with mole ratio at 1 wt and glu-methylamine with mole ratio at 1-3 wt; hot-refluxing; dissolving completely; evaporating the dissolvent to dryness; dissolving to proper water; producing water solution with 2. 5-25 milligram Silybum marianum unit per milliliter; adjusting pH value; filtering; split-charging filter liquor; cooling; drying; getting the product. This invention increases curative effect of the Silybum marianum unit.
CN101066956A	Polysubstituted aurone derivative and its prepn and use	The present invention provides one kind of polysubstituted aurone derivatives, which are 4, 6-dioxy-7-substituent amino methylene aurone derivatives synthesized through introducing different amino methylene structures into the 7-position of aurone kernel. The polysubstituted aurone derivatives in completely new structure are shown through primary pharmacological activity test to have excellent antitumor activity, broad antitumor spectrum and cell period inhibiting effect. Therefore, the polysubstituted aurone derivatives may be applied in preparing antitumor medicines.
CN101067006A	Low molecular Brazil mushroom polysaccharide and its prepn process and application in antagonizing tumor metastasis	The present invention discloses one kind of low molecular Brazil mushroom polysaccharide and its preparation process and application in antagonizing tumor metastasis. The low molecular Brazil mushroom polysaccharide extracted from the sporophore of edible fungus Brazil mushroom has homogeneous glucosan in molecular weight of 48,000 as the main component. It is prepared with sporophore of Brazil mushroom, and through crushing, leaching in distilled water, precipitating in alcohol to obtain coarse Brazil mushroom polysaccharide product, deproteinizing, chromatographic separation in DEAE650M cellulose column, gradient eluting with NaCl solution, chromatographic separation of eluted liquid in Toyopearl HW-65F column, eluting with NaCl solution, chromatographic separation of eluted matter in Toyopearl HW-50S column, eluting with NaCl solution, and drying.
CN101070291A	N-OR amides compound, its preparing method and use	This invention relates to a N - OR amide compounds described as general formula(1), and the medicament using this kind compounds as active ingredient, and the preparation method, the application at antitumor drug.
CN101070307A	2,5,6-tri-substituted primidone derivative and medicine composition containing said derivative	This invention belongs to medicine technosphere, concretely relates to a 2, 5, 6 - three substituted pyrimidone compound as formulae I, and its N - oxide, stereoisomeride form, stereoisomeride hybrid and salt receivable in mediating drugs, its hydrate and solvate, polycrystal and eutectic crystal, its precursor and ramification that has same biological function, and also relates to the application of the combination that contain one or more of this kind compounds in the prevention of Viral infection especially HIV, HBV and Influenza virus B and A.
CN101074249A	Aminoglycoside antibiotics derivative	An amino glycoside antibiotics derivative, its production, medicinal composition containing it and its usage for preparing medicines in treatment and prevention infectious diseases are disclosed. It's soluble, safe, convenient and non-toxic, has wide antibacterial spectrum, higher antibacterial activity and better clinical value.
CN101074252B	11,20-cyclic carbonate-azithromycin 4-phenproester derivative, its production and medicinal composition	A compound with general formula (I), accepted additional salts of inorganic and organic acid medicines, its production, medicinal composition and usage are disclosed. It belongs to azithromycin pentadecenic macrolide derivative, R1 represents hydrogen or acetyl or methane; R2 represents fatty hydrocarbon, substituted aromatic fatty hydrocarbon or substituted aromatic heterocyclic fatty hydrocarbon. It can be used to prepare medicines in treatment of bacterial infections.
CN101077862A	D-glucose-L-amino acid, preparation method and application thereof	The present invention discloses compounds in the general expression as shown and their preparation process. These compounds are prepared with D-glucose, L-amino acid and alkali and through reaction at 50-60 deg.c, reduction of the resultant with reductant, and further reaction with acid. These compounds are able to be complexed with zinc or copper ion to form stable complex, and may be applied in repelling excessive Zn or Cu from human body.
CN101077865A	Phthalazines derivatives, preparation method thereof, medicament composition and use	The present invention discloses serial new 1-amido-4-(pyridyl-4-methylene) phthalazine derivatives and their medicinal salts, hydrates, solvolytes, precursors, precursor derivatives, and compositions, and their preparation process and pharmacological use, especially in preparing medicines for treating hypertrophic diseases, such as tumor, inflammatory rheumatism, rheumatoid diseases, etc and diseases caused by vascularization disorder, such as eye' s maculopathy, retinopathy, etc.
