CA2110291C	Methods and compositions based on inhibition of cell invasion and fibrosis by anionic polymers	The present invention relates to the discovery that biocompatible anionic polymers can effectively inhibit fibrosis, scar formation, and surgical adhesions. The invention is predicated on the discovery that anionic polymers effectively inhibit invasion of cells associated with detrimental healing processes, and in particular, that the effectiveness of an anionic polymer at inhibiting cell invasion correlates with the anionic charge density of the polymer. Thus, the present invention provides a large number of materials for use in methods of inhibiting fibrosis and fibroblast invasion. Anionic polymers for use in the invention include but are not limited to natural proteoglycans, and the glycosaminoglycan moieties of proteoglycans. Additionally, anionic carbohydrates and other anionic polymers may be used. The anionic polymers dextran sulfate and pentosan polysulfate are preferred. In a more preferred embodiment, dextran sulfate, in which the sulfur content is greater than about 10 % by weight, may be used. In a more preferred embodiment, the average molecular weight is about 40,000 to 500,000 Daltons. The present invention provides compositions and methods to inhibit fibrosis and scarring associated with surgery. The invention further provides compositions and methods to inhibit glial cell invasion, detrimental bone growth and neurite outgrowth. In a preferred embodiment, the inhibitory compositions further comprise an adhesive protein.
CA2119782C	Carbamate analogs of thiaphysovenine, pharmaceutical compositions, and method for inhibiting cholinesterases	Substituted carbamates of tricyclic compounds which have a cyclic sulfer atom, having the formula:(See formula I) wherein R1 is H or a linear or branched chain C1- C10 alkyl group; and R2 is selected from the group consisting of a linear or branched chain -C1-C10 alkyl group, and (See formula I) wherein R3 and R4 are independently selected from the group consisting of H and a linear or branched chain C1-C10 -alkyl group;and with the proviso that when one of R1 or R2 is a H or a methyl group the other of R1 or R2 is not H and optical isomers of the 3aS series, provide highly potent and selective cholinergic agonist and blocking activity and are useful as pharmaceutical agents. Cholinergic disease are treated with these compounds such as glaucoma, Myasthenia Gravis, Alzheimer's disease. Methods for inhibiting esterases, acetylcholinesterase and butyryl-cholinesterase are also provided.
CA2144312C	Unsaturated aliphatic dicarboxylic acids	Disclosed are certain novel polyunsaturated dioic acids having between 8 and 16 carbon atoms (inclusive), excluding those compounds in the group consisting of: 2,5 octadienedioic acid; 1,7 octadienedioic acid; 2,4,6 octatrienedioic acid; and 1,3,5,7 nonatetraenedioic acid; 2,5,8 decatrienedioic acid; 3,6 dodecadienedioic acid; 3,13 hexadecadienedioic acid. Also disclosed are pharmaceutical or cosmetic compositions comprising unsaturated dioic acids and certain of their derivatives. Also disclosed are methods of treating human skin and a method of preparing unsaturated dioic acids.
CA2155014C	Process for the preparation of baccatin iii analogs bearing new c2 and c4 functional groups	Process for the preparation of a derivative or analog of baccatin III or 10-desacetyl baccatin III having a C2 substituent other than benzoate and/or a C4 substituent other than acetate in which the C2 benzoate substituent and/or the C4 acetate substituent of a derivative of baccatin III or 10-desacetyl baccatin III is/are selectively reduced or hydrolyzed to the corresponding hydroxy group(s) and converted to R31COO- and/or R30COO-, respectively, wherein R30 and R31 are independently H, C1-C6 alkyl, C2-C6 alkenyl, C2-C6 alkynyl, monocyclic aryl or monocyclic heteroaryl.
CA2156289C	Drug composition containing nucleic acid copolymer	This invention has for its object to insure an effective utilization of single-stranded nucleic acid copolymers, particularly poly(adenylic acid-uridylic acid), and to provide a pharmaceutical composition having antitumor activity.      The invention typically relates to a pharmaceutical composition comprising a lipid device such as Lipofectin (trademark), 3-O-(4-dimethylaminobutanoyl)-1,2-O-dioleylgycerol, 3-O-(2-dimethylamino-ethyl)carbamoyl-1,2-O-dioleylglycerol, 3-O-(2-diethylaminoethyl) carbamoyl-1,2-O-dioleylgycerol, or 2-O-(2-diethylaminoethyl)carbamoyl-1,3-O-dioleoylglycerol and poly(adenylic acid-uridylic acid).
CA2157128C	Camptothecin derivatives, preparations thereof and antitumor agents	New camptothecin derivatives of the general formula (1), preparations thereof and antitumor agents comprising the same, (see formula 1) wherein R1 represents a hydrogen atom or a C1-C6 alkyl group, R2 represents a hydrogen or a C1-C6 alkoxy group, R3 represents a hydrogen or halogen atom or a C1-C6 alkyl, C1-C6 alkoxy, hydroxyl, C2-C6 acyloxy or methoxyethoxymethoxy group, R4 represents a hydrogen or halogen atom, and R5 represents a C1-C6 alkyl, C3-C6 unsaturated alkyl, alkylthioalkyl, alkoxyalkyl, pyridyl or substituted phenyl group, with the proviso that all of the R2, R3 and R4 substituents should not be a hydrogen atom.
CA2158610C	17-deoxycorticosteroid-21-/o/-carboxylic esters, processes for their preparation and pharmaceuticals containing these compounds	17-Deoxycorticoid-21-carboxylic esters of the formula I (see Formula I) are described, in which A is CHOH and CHCl, CH2, C=O or 9(11) double bond; Y is H, F or Cl; Z is H, F or CH3; R(1) is aryl or hetaryl and R(2) is H or methyl. They are obtained by reacting a compound of the formula II, (see formula II) in which R(4) is OH, with an activated carboxylic acid of the formula III, R(5)-CO-[(C1-C4)-alkyl]-R(1) III. The compounds I possess very strong local and topical antiinflammatory activity and exhibit a very good ratio of local to systemic antiinflammatory effect, which ratio is often clearly superior to that of structurally related corticoid 21-esters which do not carry any aryl or hetaryl group in the 21-ester residue or to that of analogous 17-deoxycorticoids having an unesterified, that is a free, 21-hydroxyl group.
CA2168021C	Vasoconstrictive dihydrobenzopyran derivatives	The present invention is concerned with compounds of formula (I), the pharmaceuticaliy acceptable acid addition salts thereof, and the stereochemically isomeric forms thereof, wherein R1 is hydrogen or C1-6alkyl; R2 is hydrogen or C1-6alkyl; R3 is hydrogen or C1-6alkyl; R4 is hydrogen, halo, C1-6alkyl, hydroxy, C1-5alkyloxy, aryloxy or arylmethoxy; R5 and R6 designate R5a and R6a, wherein R5a and R6a taken together form a bivalent radical; or R5 and R6 can designate R5b and R6b, wherein R5b is hydrogen and R6b is a heterocycle or an optionally substitued alkenyl or alkynyl group; or R5 and R6 designate R5c and R6c, wherein R5c and R6c are hydrogen, halo, C1-6alkyl, C3-6alkenyl; C3-6alkynyl, hydroxy, C1-6alkyloxy, cyano, aminoC1-6alkyl, carboxyl, C1-6alkyloxycarbonyl, nitro, amino, aminocarbonyl, C1-6alkylcarbonylamino, or mono-di(C1-6alkyl)amino; Q is a heterocyclic ring containing at least one nitrogen atom or a radical of formula (aa), pharmaceutical compositions, preparations and use as a medicine are also described.
CA2173208C	Levobupivacaine useful for managing chronic pain	Levobupivacaine is useful for managing chronic pain.
CA2175372C	Novel 9-hydroxy-pyrido[1,2-a]pyrimidin-4-one ether derivatives	The present invention is concerned with novel compounds having formula (I), the pharmaceutically acceptable acid addition salts thereof and the stereo-chemically isomeric forms thereof, their use as a medicine, wherein Alk represents C1-4alkanediyl; Dis a bicyclic heterocycle of formula (a) or (b) wherein each R1 independently is C2-6alkenyl; C2-6alkynyl; C3-6cycloalkyl optionally substituted with C1-4alkyl; C1-19alkyl optionally substituted with C3-6cycloalkyl, halo, C1-6alkyloxy or cyano; and each R2 independently is hydrogen or C1-4alkyl. Novel compounds; compositions; processes for preparing novel compounds and intermediates are described.
CA2180660C	Novel piperidine derivatives with paf antagonist activity	Compounds of general formula (I) and their salts and solvates are PAF antagonists and as such are useful in the treatment of various diseases or disorders mediated by PAF. Pharmaceutical compositions including these compounds and processes for their preparation are also provided.
CA2182620C	Improving glucose tolerance	A compound of formula (I) or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof in which R1 and R2 are independently H or methyl (for example N,N-dimethyl-1-[1-(4-chlorophenyl)cyclobutyl]-3-methylbutylamine hydrochloride optionally in the form of its monohydrate) is used for improving the glucose tolerance of humans having impaired glucose tolerance or non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.
CA2183549C	Acidified nitrite as an antimicrobial agent	The invention relates to the use of acidified nitrite  as an antimicrobial agent and describes a dosage form for use in the treatment of bacterial, viral or fungal conditions.  The dosage form may be in any pharmaceutically  acceptable carrier means and comprises an acidifying agent adapted to reduce the pH at the environment. Amongst the many potential applications for the invention,  the inventive  composition has been shown to be particularly effective as an animal feed supplement, and as an agent for sterilising objects.  Compositions and methods of use for these applications are described.
CA2187449C	Anti-cancer compounds containing cyclopentaquinazoline ring	Cyclopentaquinazoline of formula (I), wherein R1 is hydrogen, amino, C1-4 alkyl, C1-4 alkoxy, C1-4 hydroxyalkyl or C1-4 fluoroalkyl; wherein R2 is hydrogen, C1-4 alkyl, C3-4 alkenyl, C3-4 alkynyl, C2-4 hydroxyalkyl, C2-4 halogenoalkyl or C1-4 cyanoalkyl; Ar1 is phenylene, thiophenediyl, thiazolediyl, pyridinediyl or pyrimidinediyl which may optionally bear one or two substituents selected from halogeno, hydroxy, amino, nitro, cyano, trifluoromethyl, C1-4 alkyl and C1-4 alkoxy; and wherein R3 is a group of the formula: -A1-Ar2-A2-Y1, in which A1 is a bond between the .alpha.-carbon atom of the group -CONHCH(CO2H)- and Ar2 or is a C1-2 alkylene group; Ar2 is phenylene, tetrazoldiyl, tiophenediyl, thiazolediyl, pyridinediyl or pyrimidinediyl which in the case of phenylene may optionally bear one or two substituents on the ring selected from halogeno, nitro, C1-4 alkyl and C1-4 alkoxy; A2 is a C1-3 alkylene or C2-3 alkenylene group; and a pharmaceutically acceptable salt or ester thereof are of therapeutic value particularly in the treatment of cancer.
CA2202503C	Modified polyunsaturated fatty acids	The present invention provides polyunsaturated fatty acid compounds having antimalarial and/or neutrophil stimulatory activity. The polyunsaturated fatty acids contain 18-25 carbons and 1-6 double bonds and are characterized in that they have one or two substitutions selected from the group consisting of .beta. oxa, .gamma. oxa, .beta. thia and .gamma. thia. It is also preferred that the polyunsaturated fatty acid compound includes a further substitution selected from the group consisting of hydroxy, hydroperoxy, peroxy, carboxymethyl substitutions or attached to an amino acid. The invention also provides a method of producing an unsaturated oxa substituted fatty acid comprising reacting an unsaturated fatty acid alcohol with a carbene that is inserted in the OH bond of the alcohol. The invention further provides a method of treating inflammation with a composition comprising at least one hydroxy, hydroperoxy or peroxy derivative of a polyunsaturated fatty acid having a C18-24 carbon chain and 1-6 cis or trans double bonds.
CA2203237C	Aminotetrazole derivatives useful as nitric oxide synthase inhibitors	Compounds having formula (I) and pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof, wherein B is NR5R11, wherein R5 is selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, lower alkyl, lower alkenyl, lower alkynyl and aryl, and R11 is selected from a 3 to 8 member heterocyclyl radical in which at least one member of the ring is carbon and in which 1 to about 4 members are heteroatoms independently selected from oxygen, nitrogen and sulfur and said heterocyclyl radical may be optionally substituted, useful as nitric oxide synthase inhibitors.
CA2207503C	Use of aminopurine antiviral agents for the treatment and prophylaxis of latent herpesvirus infections	A method for the treatment of latent infection of herpes viruses in mammals, including humans, which method comprises administering to the mammal in need of such treatment, an effective amount of a compound of formula (A) or a bioprecursor, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt, phosphate ester and/or acyl derivative of either of the foregoing.
CA2210022C	Paroxetine hydrochloride solvates	The present invention relates to paroxetine hydrochloride anhydrate (see formula I) substantially free of bound propan 2-ol, several forms of the above, processes for preparing the above, new intermediates useful in preparing the above and methods of treating and/or preventing certain diseases by administering the compounds of the invention to a sufferer in need thereof.
CA2217479C	Derivatives of phenoxyethylamine having a high affinity for 5-ht1a receptor, their preparation procedure, their application as medications and pharmaceutical compounds containing them	Phenoxyethylamine derivatives of general formula (I) having high affinity for  the 5-HT1Areceptor, methods for preparing same, pharmaceutical compositions containing said derivatives, and their use, in particular as gastric acid secretion inhibitors or as antiemetics, are disclosed. In general formula(I), Ar is phenyl substituted by one or more substituents; and R is a C1-1- hydrocarbon radical selected from straight or branched alkyl, alkenyl or alkynyl radicals, saturated or unsaturated mono-or polycyclic cycloalkyl, cycloalkylalkyl or alkylcycloalkyl radicals; a pyridyl or isoquinolyl radical, phenyl optionally substituted by one or more substituent, and salts thereof.
CA2231545C	Oral gel capsule formulation of 1,2,4-benzotriazine oxides	Disclosed are anticancer tumor soft gelatin capsules comprising a 1,2,4-benzotriazine oxide and an oily excipient selected from the group consisting of soybean oil and fractionated coconut oil.
CA2232222C	Treatment of hiv positive patients	A mixture of betasitosterol and betasitosteryl glycoside in a ratio of between 1:1 and 500:1 is administered to an HIV infected individual. This has the effect of stabilizing CD4 cell numbers, decreases the plasma viral load, degree of apoptosis in, and the serum levels of 1 L6 in the peripheral blood.
CA2243708C	Use of lactoperoxidase, a peroxide donor and thiocyanate for the manufacture of a medicament for treating helicobacter pylori infection	Use of an antibacterial system comprising lactoperoxidase and a peroxide donor for preparing a preparation for prophylactic of therapeutic treatment "in vivo" of an infection caused by the bacteria Helicobacter pylori existing in the oral cavity, in the throat and in the stomach which preparation is completed by the presence of thiocyanate in an antibacterial level, and eventually in the presence of lactoferrin. A daily dose for human treatment is 1.2-1.6 gram of the system taken 3 times a day.
CA2246760C	Polysaccharide-peptide-conjugates	The invention relates to a polysaccharide-peptide conjugate wherein the polysaccharide is advantageously immunogenic, which comprises a polysaccharide chain composed of repeat units and a plurality of peptide moieties, each moiety containing a cysteine residue and being covalently attached at random along the polysaccharide chain, through an indirect bound involving the thiol group of the cysteine residue and an amino, hydroxyl or carboxyl group of the polysaccharide, said indirect bound being achieved through either a linker or a spacer-linker moiety provided that the spacer entity of the spacer-linker moiety is linked to the amino, hydroxyl or carboxyl group of the polysaccharide. To this end, a useful linker may be e.g., N-(.gamma.-maleimidobutyryloxy) succinimide ester. Such a conjugate may typically exhibit a "Rake" configuration. Conjugation processes are also disclosed. Conjugates of the invention are in particular useful in the vaccinal field to elicit a protective long term immune response against a pathogenic microorganism from which the immunogenic polysaccharide is derived.
CA2261923C	Pyridazino [4,5-b]-quinoline 5-oxide derivatives, their preparation and their use as glycine antagonists	Pyridyl-phtalazin diones having formula (I), wherein R1 and R2 are selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, halogen, and methoxy or wherein R1 and R2 together form methylenedioxy, and pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof, and pharmaceutical compositions containing an effective glycines antagonistic amount thereof, are useful in combatting neurological disorders associated with excitotoxicity and malfunctioning of glutamatergic neurotransmission in a living animal, including a human, in need thereof.
CA2270952C	New use for 1,3-propanediol derivatives	Use of a compound of formula (I) wherein R1 is an optionally substituted straight- or branched carbon chain having 12 to 22 carbon atoms which may be optionally interrupted by an optionally substituted phenylene, and each of R2, R3, R4 and R5, independently, is H or lower alkyl, in free form or in pharmaceutically acceptable salt form, in the prevention or treatment of chronic rejection in a recipient of organ or tissue allo- or xenotransplant, or of acute rejection in a xenograft transplant recipient.
CA2274591C	Benzothiophenecarboxamide derivatives and pgd2 antagonists comprising them	A compound, a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, or a hydrate thereof having PGD2-antagonistic activities, inhibitory activities against infiltration of eosinophils, and being useful as a drug for treating diseases, such as systemic mastocytosis and disorder of systemic mast cell activation, as well as tracheal contraction, asthma, allergic rhinitis, allergic conjunctivitis, urticaria, ischemic reperfusion injury, inflammation and atopic dermatitis , which is shown by formula (I), is provided.
CA2276442C	Method and pharmaceutical composition for iron delivery in hemodialysis and peritoneal dialysis patients	A method of administering iron to dialysis patients is accomplished by infusion of a noncolloidal ferric compound, soluble in hemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis solutions, by the process of dialysis. A pharmaceutical composition is provided consisting essentially of dialysis solution including a soluble noncolloidal ferric compound, preferably ferric pyrophosphate.
CA2292846C	Lh-rh peptide analogues, their uses and pharmaceutical compositions containing them	The invention relates to LH-RH peptide analogues with excellent affinity for LH-RH receptors, of formula (I): A1-A2-A3-A4-A5-A6-HAA-A7-Pro-Z in which Z, A1 to A7 are specified in the description and HAA is a non-aromatic hydrophobic amino acid having from 7 to 20 carbon atoms. The invention also relates to the uses of said peptide analogues and to the pharmaceutical compositions containing them.
CA2297198C	Macrocyclic lactones, compositions, and methods of use	The present invention provides a compound of formula (I), wherein R1 and R2 are the same or different and are independently H, C1-C6 straight-chain or branched-chain saturated or unsaturated alkyl, aryl, R6CH2-, R6CO-, or R6SO2-, wherein R6 is H, C1-C6 straight-chain or branched-chain saturated or unsaturated alkyl, or aryl; R3 is H, C1-C6 straight-chain or branched-chain saturated alkyl, aryl, an oxime, or an oxime methyl ether; at least one aromatic ring position is optionally substituted with a substituent selected from the group consisting of halo, nitro, amino, hydroxyl, thio, acyl, C1-C6 alkyl, and cyano; and Z is a contiguous linker comprising a chain of 7-10 atoms (including heteroatoms) which atoms, together with the five atoms beginning with the carbon of the aromatic ring in meta-relationship with OR1 and ending with the carbon directly attached to the alkyl oxygen of the lactone, which carbons are covalently bonded to either end of linker Z, integrally form a 12-15 membered ring; or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt, an ester, or a prodrug thereof. The present invention further provides a pharmaceutical composition, and a method of preventing or treating cancer, using at least one compound of the present invention, optionally in conjunction with an additional compound other than a compound of the present invention.
CA2297959C	Use of erythropoietin and iron preparations for the production of pharmaceutical combination preparations for the treatment of rheumatic diseases	The present invention is concerned with the use of individual administration forms of an erythropoietin preparation and a physiologically compatible iron preparation corresponding to an equivalent amount of 1-40 mg of iron ions for the production of a pharmaceutical combination preparation for the treatment of rheumatic diseases.
CA2304821C	Osteoblast-specific mitogens and drugs containing such compounds	The invention is directed to compounds of formula (I) wherein R1 - alkyl, alkenyl or alkynyl having from 6 to 24 carbon atoms; n = 0 - 12; X = oxygen or NH; and the physiologically safe salts, esters, optically active forms, racemates and derivatives thereof which can be metabolized in vivo to yield compounds of general formula (I), methods of preparing same, and drugs containing said compounds, for treating bone metabolic disorders.
CA2320822C	Substituted isoindolones and their use as cyclic gmp modulators in medicaments	The invention relates to substituted isoindolon derivatives of formula (I), wherein R1, R2, R3, R4, R5, R6 and R7 have the meanings cited in the description. Said derivatives represent valuable active substances in medicaments for the therapy and prophylaxis of diseases, e.g. cardiovascular diseases such a hypertension, angina pectoris, heart failures, thrombosis or atherosclerosis. The compounds of formula (I) are capable of modulating endogenous production of cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP) and are generally suitable for the therapy and prophylaxis of pathological states associated with disorders of the cGMP metabolism. The invention also relates to a method for the production of compounds of formula (I), their use in the therapy and prophylaxis of the above-mentioned pathological states and in the production of medicaments for such states. The invention further relates to pharmaceutical preparations containing the compounds of formula (I).
CA2323536C	Pharmaceutical formulation comprising a 2-[[(2-pyridinyl)methyl]sulfinyl]benzimidazole having anti-ulcer activity and a process for the preparation of such formulation	Oral pharmaceutical formulation comprising granules having an inert core coated with a layer, comprising a 2-[[(2-pyridinyl)methyl]sulfinyl]benzimidazole having anti-ulcer activity, a disintegrant and a surfactant in a matrix of a melt coating substance essentially consisting of one or more esters of glycerol and fatty acids, a separating layer and an enteric coating layer, and a process for the preparation of such formulation using a melt coating technique for the preparation of the benzimidazole containing layer.
CA2326048C	Peroral active agent suspension	The present invention relates to orally administered suspensions of pharmaceutical active substances of the NSAID type, particularly the antirheumatic agent meloxicam, which are stabilised by the addition of small amounts of highly dispersed silicon dioxide using high shear forces and adding small amounts of hydrophilic polymers to form a three-dimensional siloid structure, and a process for the preparation thereof.
CA2339630C	Carboline derivatives as cgmp phosphodiesterase inhibitors	Compounds of general structural formula (I) wherein A represents a 5- or 6-membered heteroaryl group containing at least one heteroatom selected from the group consisting of oxygen, nitrogen, and sulphur; and use of the compounds and salts and solvates thereof, as therapeutic agents are disclosed.In particular, the invention relates to carboline derivatives which are potent and selective inhibitors of cGMP-specific PDE.
CA2340545C	Chelate compound-containing antibacterial agent for helicobacter pylori	An antibacterial agent is provided, which has an action for inhibiting growth of Helicobacter pylori participating to occurrence of chronic gastritis and gastric ulcer, and a highly safe substance is used as an effective component therein. An antibacterial agent for Helicobacter pylori is characterized in that at least one substance selected from the group consisting of ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid and its metal salts is contained as an effective component.
CA2348390C	Compositions for the treatment and prevention of neurological and pathopsychological diseases	Compositions comprising one or more active ingredients and, optionally, one or more nutritional substances, solid, liquid and/or semiliquid excipients or auxiliaries, wherein the active ingredients consist of a) a component A consisting of one or more phosphatidylserines, b) a component B consisting of one or more methyl transporters, and c) a component C consisting of one or more compounds selected from methyl and methylene donors, provided that phosphatidylserines and compounds with methyl transporting properties do not form part of component C are well-suited for the treatment and prevention of transmethylation disorders, preferably neurological and pathopsychological diseases.
CA2352946C	Baby food stimulating growth of the thymus	A thymus growth stimulating baby food is provided, substantially composed of a fat component, as well as a carbohydrate component and a protein component of animal or vegetable or animal and vegetable but not human origin, whereby the protein component is composed of intact proteins, hydrolyzed proteins, peptides or the constituents thereof, or of amino acids or a mixture thereof not bound to peptides or proteins. This type of baby food is characterized in that the total amount of arginine is at least 3.7 g per 100 g of the amino acids present in toto, and that it contains zinc (calculated as elementary zinc) in an amount of at least 40 mg per 100 g of the amino acids present in toto.
CA2371517C	An improving agent for hypoalbuminaemia	The present invention is to offer a hydantoin derivative useful as a therapeutic agent for hypoalbuminaemia with high safety.  This invention relates to an improving agent for hypoalbuminaemia containing a hydantoin derivative represented by the formula (I) or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof as an effective ingredient. (see formula I) [In the formula, each of R1 and R2, which may be the same or different, represents hydrogen, an alkyl group or a cycloalkyl group; and each of X and Y, which may be the same or different, represents hydrogen, a hydroxyl group, an alkyl group or an alkoxy group, or X and Y together represent an oxo group.]  It is apparent from the above-mentioned clinical test that the administration of the compound of the present invention gave an increase of serum albumin value of patients suffering from hypoalbuminaemia and, therefore, an improving effect of the compound of the present invention for hypoalbuminaemia was shown. Consequently, the compounds of the present invention are very useful as a therapeutic agent for hypoalbuminaemia.
CA2382631C	Poly(ether-thioether), poly(ether-sulfoxide) and poly(ether-sulfone) nucleic acids	A compound comprising a poly(ether-thioether), poly(ether-sulfoxide) or poly(ether-sulfone) backbone bearing a plurality of ligands that are individually bound to chiral carbon atoms located within the backbone, at least one of the ligands includ-ing a moiety such as a naturally occurring nucleobase, a nucleobase binding group or a DNA interchelator; a process of synthesizing the compound, monomers to be used in this process and their synthesis process and processes for using the compound in biochem-istry and medicine.
CA2395226C	Devices for the delivery of drugs having antiprogestinic properties	This invention relates to a device for the controlled release over a prolonged period of time of a drug having an-tiprogestinic properties, said device comprising - a core comprising said drug,- optionally a membrane encasing said core, wherein said core and/or membrane is made of a siloxane-based elastomer composition comprising at least one elastomer and possibly a non-crosslinked polymer. The device is characterized in that - the elastomer composition comprises poly(alkylene oxide) groups and that the poly(alkylene oxide) groups are present in the elastomer or polymer as alkoxy-terminated grafts of polysiloxane units, or as blocks, the said grafts or blocks being linked to the polysiloxane units by silicon-carbon bonds, or as a mixture of these forms.
CA2397593C	Pseudopolymorph of (-)-cis-2-(2-chlorophenyl)-5,7-dihydroxy-8[4r-(3s-hydroxy-1-methyl)piperidinyl]-4h-1-benzopyran-4-one	The invention relates to a pseudopolymorph of (-)-cis-2-(2-chlorophenyl)-5, 7--dihydroxy-8-[4R-(3S-hydroxy-1-methyl)piperidinyl]-4H-1-benzopyran-4-one hydrochloride, a method of making the same, a pharmaceutical composition and its use for treating cancer and inhibiting protein kinases or cyclin dependant kinases in a patient.
CA2399405C	5-aminolevulinic acid formulation dissolved/dispersed in non-aqueous solvents	The invention concerns compositions that contain 5-aminolevulinic acid or/and derivatives thereof dissolved or dispersed in a non-aqueous liquid. The invention in particular concerns a two-chamber system which contains compositions of 5-aminolevulinic acid and/or derivatives thereof in which the active substances are located in a non-aqueous phase and which are ready-to-use after mixing with an aqueous phase.
CA2403026C	Process for the preparation of 6-o-propargyl erythromycin derivatives	Disclosed herein is a process for the preparation of erythromycin derivatives, or pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof, which contain an optionally substituted propargyl group at the 6-O-position.
CA2411818C	Cyclopentabenzofuran compounds and uses thereof	The invention provides compounds having a cyclopentabenzofuran core comprising a group of formula (ii): (see formula ii) attached via an oxygen atom to a cyclopentabenzofuran core of formula (i): (see formula i) compositions comprising said compounds and therapeutic uses of the compounds and compositions for treating a cancer or a cancerous condition or a disease state or condition associated with cellular hyperproliferation.
CA2412941C	Piperidine compounds for use as ccr-3 inhibitors	Compounds of formula (I) in free or salt form, where Ar1 is phenyl substituted by one or more halogen atoms, Ar2 is phenyl or naphthyl which is unsubstituted or substituted by one or more substituents selected from halogen, cyano, hydroxy, nitro, C1-C8-alkyl, C1-C8-haloalkyl, C1-C8-alkoxy or C1-C8-alkoxycarbonyl, R1 is hydrogen or C1-C8-alkyl optionally substituted by hydroxy, C1-C8-alkoxy, acyloxy, N(R2)R3, halogen, carboxy, C1-C8-alkoxycarbonyl, -CON(R4)R5 or by a monovalent cyclic organic group, R2 and R3 are each independently hydrogen or C1-C8-alkyl, or R2 is hydrogen and R3 is acyl or -SO2R6, or R2 and R3 together with the nitrogen atom to which they are attached denote a 5- or 6-membered heterocyclic group, R4 and R5 are each independently hydrogen or C1-C8-alkyl, or R4 and R5 together with the nitrogen atom to which they are attached denote a 5- 6-membered heterocyclic group, R6 is C1-C8-alkyl, C1-C8-haloalkyl, or phenyl optionally substituted by C1-C8-alkyl, and n is 1, 2, 3, or 4, with the proviso that when Ar1 is p-chlorophenyl and R1 is hydrogen, Ar2 is not phenyl or p-nitrophenyl. The compounds are useful as pharmaceuticals.
CA2416512C	Enhancement of the action of anti-infective agents	The invention provided a method of enhancing the action of a pharmaceutical agent selected from the group consisting of the group comprising antimicrobial agents, the anthelmintic agents and the anti-ectoparasitic agents, but excluding coal tar solution and H1-antagonist antihistamines, characterised in that the agent is formulated with an administration medium which comprises a solution of nitrous oxide gas in a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier solvent for the gas and which administration medium includes at least one fatty acid or ester or other suitable derivative thereof selected from the group consisting of oleic acid, linoleic acid, alpha-linolenic acid, gamma-linolenic acid, arachidonic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid [C20: 5w3], decosahexaenoic acid [C22: 60], ricinoleic acid and derivatives thereof selected from the group consisting of the C1 to C6 alkyl esters thereof, the glycerol-polyethylene glycol esters thereof and the reaction product of hydrogenated natural oils composed largely of ricinoleic acid based oils, such as castor oil with ethylene oxide.
CA2437603C	Fluoroether compositions and methods for inhibiting their degradation in the presence of a lewis acid	Degradation of a Lewis acid by a quantity of sevoflurane is provided by combining the quantity of sevoflurane with a Lewis acid inhibitor, for example, water, butylated hydroxytoluene, methylparaben, propylparben, propofol and thymol. A method of the invention involves a method for storing a quantity of sevoflurane, the method comprising the steps of providing a container defining an interior space, the container having an interior wall adjacent the interior space defined by the container; providing a quantity of sevoflurane; coating the interior wall of the container with the Lewis acid inhibitor; placing the quantity of sevoflurane in the interior space defined by the container.
CA2455064C	Transdermal therapeutic system based on polyacrylate contact adhesives without functional groups	The invention relates to a transdermal therapeutic system (TTS) consisting of a rear layer, a protective layer and an active-substance-containing polymer layer. The polymer matrix comprises a polyacrylate which contains an extremely reduced number of functional groups. In one particular embodiment, the polyacrylate is free from hydroxyl groups and/or carboxyl groups.
CA2471147C	Nitric oxide donors for treatment of disease and injury	A method of promoting neurogenesis by administering a therapeutic amount of a phosphodiesterase inhibitor compound to a patient in need of neurogenesis promotion. A compound for providing neurogenesis having an effective amount of a phosphodiesterase inhibitor sufficient to promote neurogenesis. A phosphodiesterase inhibitor for promoting neurogenesis. A method of augmenting the production of brain cells and facilitating cellular structural and receptor changes by administering an effective amount of a phosphodiesterase inhibitor compound to a site in need of augmentation. A method of increasing both neurological and cognitive function by administering an effective amount of a phosphodiesterase inhibitor compound to a patient.
CA2475224C	Zinc salt compositions for the prevention of mucosal irritation from spermicides and microbicides	The addition of low concentrations of combinations of water-soluble organic salts of zinc to gels, creams, lotions or ointments can increase the ability of these products to reduce or prevent exogenous irritants from causing irritation of the underlying substrate. The addition of low concentrations of combinations of water-soluble organic zinc salts to these gels, creams, lotions or ointments also can reduce the irritation of skin or mucous membranes caused by the addition of potentially-irritating substances such as spermicides, microbicides, fungicides or other therapeutic agents to the gel, cream, lotion or ointment. The advantages of this anti-irritant approach over others, which generally employ high concentrations of single zinc salts, are the reduced potential for zinc toxicity, the reduced potential for toxicity related to zinc itself, and the preservation of the desirable biological properties of potentially-irritating therapeutic substances added to the gel, cream, lotion or ointment.
CA2526954C	Antibiotics containing bone substitute material with sustained active substance release	Antibiotics containing bone substitute material is described which is characterized in that it is composed of a compacted mixture of granules of calcium sulfate dihydrate, calcium carbonate and at least one representative of the aminoglycoside antibiotics, lincosamide antibiotics, glycopeptide antibiotics, macrolide antibiotics, ketolide antibiotics, the nitroimidazoles, the fluorochinolone antibiotics and the oxazolidinone antibiotics, the steroid antibiotics, the antiseptic agents and the fungicidal/fungistatic antibiotics which are partly or entirely sheathed with a layer of glycerol tripalmitate and/or glycerol tristearate and/or glycerol trilaurate and/or 1-hexadecyl alcohol which connects the granules with each other.
CA2530543C	Illudin analogs as anti-tumor agents	A compound having the structure   wherein R = methyl or hydroxyl; and R1, R2 and R3 = methyl or alkyl.    A compound having the structure   wherein R = H or methyl; R1, R2 and R3 = methyl or alkyl; and R ~ H, when R1, R2 and R3 = methyl.
CA2536321A1	Thienopyridine-phenylacet amides and their derivatives useful as new anti-angiogenic agents	The invention relates to compounds represented by Formula (I):, and to prodrugs thereof, pharmaceutically salts or solvates of said compounds or said prodrugs, wherein each of X1-X5 and R1-R5 are defined herein. The invention also relates to pharmaceutical compositions containing the compounds of Formula (I) and to methods of treating hyperproliferative disorders in a mammal by administering compounds of Formula (I).
CA2547887C	Protein modifier production inhibitor	The compounds, at least in selected embodiments, are suitable as inhibitors of the formation of protein modification products capable of inhibiting vitamin B6 deficiency disease as a side effect, especially as a renal protective agent. There is provided a use, as an active ingredient, of any of free or salt-form compounds of either of the formulae: (I) or (II), wherein R1 is substituted or unsubstituted aromatic ring; and each of R2, R3 and R4 is a hydrogen atom or monovalent organic group, or alternatively R2 and R3 cooperate to form a condensed ring or R3 and R4 cooperate to represent a divalent organic group, provided that R3 and R4 are not simultaneously hydrogen atoms.(see formula I) (see formula II)
CA2554073A1	1-[2h-1-benzopyran-2-one-8-yl]-piperazine derivatives for the treatment of movement disorders	The invention relates to a novel use of known 1-[2H-1-benzopyran-2-one-8-yl]~piperazine derivatives, broad spectrum 5-HT receptor binding compounds, having amongst other functional serotonin receptor activities, potent 5-HT1A receptor agonistic activity, 5-HT1D receptor antagonistic activity and 5-HT7 receptor agonistic activity. The compounds of the invention are useful for the preparation of medicaments for treating, ameliorating or preventing movement disorders. The invention relates to compounds of the general formula (1) (1) wherein the symbols have the meanings as given in the description.
CA2562821A1	Composition and method for raising blood glucose level	Composition and method of administering the composition to oral mucosa, to raise the blood glucose (sugar) level of an individual. The composition comprises: a. an effective amount of glucose, b. an effective amount of at least one absorption enhancer chosen from lecithin, hyaluronic acid, glycolic acid, lactic acid, chamomile extract, cucumber extract, oleic acid, linoleic acid, linolenic acid, monoolein, monooleates, monolaurates, borage oil, evening primrose oil, menthol, trihydroxy oxo cholanyl glycine, glycerin, polyglycerin, lysine, polylysine, triolein, polyoxyethylene ethers, polidocanol alkyl ethers, chenodeoxycholate, deoxycholate, alkali metal salicylate, pharmaceutically acceptable edetate, and pharmaceutically acceptable salts and analogues thereof, and c. an effective amount of a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier, wherein the composition is free of any active pharmaceutical agents. Also disclosed are non-aerosol dispensers containing and for use in administering the composition, and the use of the composition to raise blood glucose levels, to treat hypoglycemia or low blood sugar, or in the manufacture of a product to treat hypoglycemia or low blood sugar.
CA2567916C	Method for producing antibiotic / antibiotics - particles and their use	A method for producing antibiotic / antibiotics-particles characterized in that an aqueous solution of an amino glycoside-antibiotic or an aqueous solution comprising two or more amino glyco-side-antibiotics is mixed under agitation with a solvent mixture comprising isopropanol and at least one additional alcohol, with the volume ratio of the solvent mixture to the aqueous solution being at least 3 to 1 and with the suspension developed being agitated until the primarily yielded coarse antibiotic / antibiotics aggregates disintegrate into particles, which have a grain size smaller than 400 µm.
CA2583658A1	Multi-carotenoids compositions and uses therefor	A stable nutritional supplement composition for oral administration comprising about 71% by weight, of a tomato extract containing therein at least 2% to 10% by weight of lycopene, 0.25% to 2% by weight of phytoene, and 0.2% to 2% by weight of phytofluene, and about 29% by weight, of a suitable encapsulating matrix. A suitable encapsulating matrix is an edible oil exemplified by soya oil, pumpkin seed oil, grape-seed oil and the like. The tomato extract may additionally comprise one or more of at least one carotene selected from the group comprising .beta.-carotene, .gamma.- carotene, and .delta.-carotene, a phytosterol, a tocopheral and a phospholipid. The tomato extract may be further processed into oleoresin emulsions, or into beadlets, or into dry powders. Methods for ameliorating the effects of aging-related urinary tract malfunctions in men, comprising orally administrating on a regular basis, an effective amount of the nutritional supplement compositions disclosed herein.
CA2591917C	Analgesic compositions for treating painful conditions of the anal region and uses thereof	Analgesic composition and use thereof for treating painful conditions of the body and of the anorectal region. The composition comprises a combination of nitroglycerin and sucralfate, and may further comprise lidocaine. The composition may be included in a petrolatum base along with a water soluble lubricant. These compositions have been found effective in treating painful conditions in the anal region such as anal fissure, inflamed or recently thrombosed hemorrhoids, ligation of internal hemorrhoids or of the chronic anal pains.
CA2611917A1	Injection	In the case of storing and supplying an injection containing a 2-[(2-pyridyl)methylsulfinyl]benzimidazole type compound in a plastic container in addition to a glass container, an injection having been improved in stability and solubility and showing excellent qualities without forming any insoluble foreign matters or insoluble microparticles can be obtained by using cyclodextrin or its derivative together.
CA2631724C	Improved oral compositions comprising zinc citrate and/or tocopherol agents	Methods and oral compositions for reducing one or more of plaque, tartar/ caries, dentinal sensitivity, malodor, and/ or inflammation are provided. The composition comprise an active ingredient that comprises a zinc salt.
CA2641871A1	Pharmaceutical composition for treating alcohol-induced liver injury comprising (4s, 5s)-5-fluoromethyl-5-hydroxy-4-({[(5r)-5-isopropyl-3-(isoquinolin-1-yl)-4,5-dihydro-5-isoxazolyl]carbonyl}amino)-dihydrofuran-2-one or pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof	The present invention relates to a pharmaceutical composition for treating alcohol-induced liver injury comprising (4S,5S)-5-fluoromethyl-5-hydroxy-4-({[(5R)-5-isopropyl-3-(isoquinolin-1-yl)-4,5-dihydro-5-isoxazolyl]carbonyl}amino)-dihydrofuran-2-one or pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, and a use thereof.
CA2673097A1	Fused heterocyclic compound	Disclosed is a fused heterocyclic compound having tyrosine kinase inhibitory activity. Formula (I) (In the formula, R1 represents a hydrogen atom, a halogen atom, or an optionally substituted group which is bonded through a carbon atom, a nitrogen atom or an oxygen atom, R2 represents a hydrogen atom or an optionally substituted group which is bonded through a carbon atom or a sulfur atom, or alternatively R1 and R2 or R2 and R3 are respectively bonded together to form an optionally substituted ring structure; R3 represents a hydrogen atom or an optionally substituted aliphatic hydrocarbon group, or alternatively R3 is bonded with a carbon atom of ring A to form an optionally substituted ring structure; ring A represents an optionally substituted benzene ring; and ring B represents (i) an optionally substituted fused ring, or (ii) a pyridine ring having an optionally substituted carbamoyl (which pyridine ring may be further substituted).)
CA2673510C	Maleic acid monosalt of antiviral agent and pharmaceutical composition containing the same	The present invention relates to 3-[({1-[(2-amino-9H-purin-9-yl)methyl]cyclopropyl} oxy)methyl]-8,8-dimethyl-3,7-dioxo-2,4,6-trioxa-3.lambda.5-phosphanon-1-yl-pivalate maleic acid monosalt, and pharmaceutical composition containing the same.
CA2676172A1	Pharmaceutical compositions comprising 2-methoxy-5-(5-trifluoromethyl-tetrazol-1-yl-benzyl)-(2s-phenyl-piperidin-3s-yl-)	The present invention relates to pharmaceutical compositions comprising an NK1 receptor antagonist and a sodium channel blocker compound of formula (I) wherein R1 and R2 are independently hydrogen, C1-6alkyl or C3-6cycloalkylC1-6alkyl; or R1 and R2, together with the nitrogen to which they are attached, may form an unsubstitued 3-, 4-, 5- or 6-membered saturated ring; R3 is C1-6alkyl, C1-6haloalkyl, C1-3alkoxyC1-3alkyl or C1-3haloalkoxyC1-3alkyl; or R1 and R3, together with the interconnecting atoms, form a saturated or unsaturated 4- to 6-membered ring; X is carbon or nitrogen; n is 0, 1 or 2, wherein when present each R4 is independently selected from the list consisting of C1-3alkyl, halogen, cyano, haloC1-3alkyl, hydroxy, C1-3alkoxy and C1-3haloalkoxy; q is 1 or 2; either R5 or R6 is -O-R7 or -OCH2R7, wherein the other R5 or R6 is hydrogen or R4; and wherein R7 is either a phenyl ring or a 5- or 6-membered aromatic heterocyclic ring (independently containing one or more nitrogen, sulphur or oxygen atoms) wherein either the phenyl ring or the heterocyclic ring is optionally substituted by one or more groups independently selected from the list consisting of C1-3alkyl, halogen, cyano, haloC1-3alkyl, hydroxy, C1-3alkoxy and C1-3haloalkoxy; or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt or solvate thereof; as a combined preparation for simultaneous or sequential administration, and to the use of such compositions in the treatment of certain disorders, including epilepsy and mood disorders.
CA2681864A1	Crystalline forms i and ii of [3-(4-{2-butyl-1-[4-(4-chloro-phenoxy)-phenyl]-1h-imidazol-4-yl}-phenoxy)-propyl]-diethyl-amine	The present invention relates to crystalline forms of [3-(4-{2-butyl-1-[4-(4-chloro-phenoxy)-phenyl]-1H-imidazol-4-yl}-phenoxy)-propyl]-diethylamine ("COMPOUND I") useful in the treatment of RAGE mediated diseases.
CA2691943A1	Combinations of vasoactive substances with estrogens and their use in the treatment of female sexual dysfunctions	Compositions comprising: - vasokinetic natural coumarins or extracts containing them; anti-phosphodiesterase agents selected from 3,7-O-di-(2- hydroxyethyl)icaritin or 7-O-hydroxyethyl-icariside 11 and/or forskolin or extracts containing them; phytoestrogens selected from ferutinine or ferutinine- containing extracts ofFerula sp.or p-pivaloylferutinine.
CA2741842A1	Concentrated liquid diet	The concentrated liquid diet of the present invention is a concentrated liquid diet having a total amount of a medium-chain fatty acid having 8 carbon atoms and a medium-chain fatty acid having 10 carbon atoms included as constitutive fatty acids of a triglyceride being 2.5 to 8.0 g per 100 kcal of the energy of the concentrated liquid diet, the concentrated liquid diet having in the total mass of the medium-chain fatty acid having 8 carbon atoms and the medium-chain fatty acid having 10 carbon atoms the rate of the medium-chain fatty acid having 10 carbon atoms being no less than 60% by mass, and the rate of the medium-chain fatty acid having 8 carbon atoms being no greater than 40% by mass.
CA2756796A1	Novel solvate and crystalline forms of carbamoyl-cyclohexane derivatives	The present invention relates to novel solvate and crystalline forms of carbamoyl-cyclohexane derivatives and, more particularly, to novel solvate and crystalline forms of trans-1{4-[2-[4-(2,3-dichlorophenyl)-piperazin-1-yl]-ethyl]--cyclohexyl}-3,3-dimethyl-urea hydrochloride. Processes for the preparation of these forms, compositions containing these forms, and methods of use thereof are also described.
CA2757759A1	Immune stimulating composition comprising an extract of aronia sp. in combination with selenium and/or zinc	The present invention pertains to a composition which comprises a combination of Aronia extract in an amount of at least about 10 µg/mg and seleniumin in an amount from about 0,0001 µg/mg to about 2.0 µg/mg. The composition may further comprise zinc as additional micronutrient. The composition may be formulated as a pharmaceutical or a nutraceutical composi-tion.
CA2815792A1	Felbinac-containing external patch	Provided is a felbinac-containing external patch that shows a high drug release property and also low skin irritation, and is capable of exerting high drug stability. This felbinac-containing external patch is characterized in that L-menthol is not contained, and felbinac having an average particle size of 5 µm or more but less than 100 µm is dispersed to mix with an adhesive base that is composed of styrene-isoprene-styrene block copolymer, alicyclic saturated hydrocarbon resin, softener, and diethyl sebacate, specifically, 0.1 to 10% by weight of felbinac having an average particle size of 5 µm or more but less than 100 µm is dispersed to mix with an adhesive base that is composed of 10 to 30% by weight of styrene-isoprene-styrene block copolymer, 10 to 50% by weight of alicyclic saturated hydrocarbon resin, 10 to 75% by weight of softener, and 0.1 to 10% by weight of diethyl sebacate.
CA2816104A1	Deuterium enriched rasagiline	The subject invention provides deuterated rasagiline, its salts and uses.
CA2826892A1	Phosphorus containing compounds as protein kinase inhibitors	The present invention relates to compounds represented by formula (I), which can modulate the activity of protein kinases. The invention also relates to a composition containing a compound of formula (I), and a method for synthesizing and using such compound for preventing or treating ALK or cMet mediated disorders or conditions.
CA2839244A1	A nutritional approach to the control of anemia, diabetes and other diseases or conditions and prevention of associated comorbid states with the use of ergothioneine	Nutritional products, compositions, pharmaceutical preparations and methods of use are disclosed for the prevention, suppression and treatment of anemia and/or diabetes and its various associated comorbidities. Uses of Ergothioneine to neutralize free radicals and/or cytokines, reduce oxidative stress, prevent inflammation, stimulate red blood cell production with increased levels of hemoglobin, and/or stabilize iron in its normal 2+ charge for proper oxygen binding and carrying are further disclosed. The extraction of Ergothioneine from whole food sources and bacterium for use in nutritional products, compositions, pharmaceutical preparations and treatments is also disclosed.
CA2851516A1	Guanidinyl-substituted polyamides useful for treating human papilloma virus	Polyamide compositions containing guanidinyl radicals, including tetramethylguanidinyl radicals, are described. These polyamides are useful for medical applications, for example, for treating human papilloma virus infections.
CA2856646A1	Combination treatment of cancer	The present invention relates to a combination comprising AZD5363, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, and at least one androgen receptor signalling modulator selected from MDV-3100 (also known as enzalutamide), AZD3514, abiraterone (or an ester prodrug thereof: e.g. abiraterone acetate), and bicalutamide; or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof. Each of these combinations may be useful in the treatment of cancer. The invention also relates to pharmaceutical compositions comprising such combinations, and further relates to methods of treatment comprising the simultaneous, sequential or separate administration of AZD5363, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, with at least one androgen receptor signalling modulator as described above, to warm-blooded animal, such as a human for the treatment of cancer. The invention also relates to a kit comprising such combinations.
CN100579521C	Fatty acid analogues for the treatment of proliferative skin disorders	The present invention relates to fatty acid analogues of the general formula I: R1- [x1 - CH2]n - COOR2 wherein R1 is; a C1-C24 alkene with one or more double bonds and/or with one or more triple bonds, and/or a C1-C24 alkyne, and/or a C1-C24 alkyl, or a C1-C24 alkyl substituted in one or several positions with one or more compounds selected from the group comprising fluoride, chloride, hydroxy, C1-C4 alkoxy, C1-C4 alkylthio, C2-C5 acyloxy or C1-C4 alkyl, and wherein R2 represents hydrogen or C1-C4 alkyl, and wherein n is an integer from 1 to 12, and wherein i is an odd number and indicates the position relative to COOR2, and wherein X1 independent of each other are selected from the group comprising O, S, SO, SO2, Se and CH2, and with the proviso that at least one of the Xi is not CH2, and with the proviso that if R1 is an alkyne or alkene, then the carbon-carbon triple bond or double bond is positioned between the ( omega -1) carbon and the ( omega -2) carbon, or between the ( omega -2) carbon and the ( omega -3) carbon, or between the ( omega -3) carbon and the ( omega -4) carbon, which can be used for the treatment and/or prevention of proliferative skin disorders. More specifically the invention relates to the inhibition of proliferation and/or differentiation of keratinocytes.
CN100998579A	Hydrophillia Babu agent for treating depression	A hydrophilic percutaneous medicine for treating depression is proportionally prepared from fluoxetine hydrochloride, hydrophilic high-molecular material, cross-linking agent, cross-linking regulator, humectant, percutaneous promoter, and distilled water.
CN100998588A	Precursor medicine of vegetative estrogen able to release nitrogen monooxide slowly and preparing method therefor	A precursor medicine of phytoestrogen able to slowly release NO for treating osteoporosis, woman's climacteric syndrome and cardiovascular disease is a compound phytoestrogen-R-NO, and is prepared through esterifying the nitrogen contained compound and phytoestrogen, linking them with bridging radical, and nitrating. Its other preparing processes are also disclosed.
CN101007165A	A compound preparation for treating respiratory tract infection and its preparation method	The invention relates to a compound preparation for treating respiratory tract infection, which mainly comprises (by weight portions) amoxicillin 100-1250, mannosan peptide 1-30. The amoxicillin can be trihydrate of amoxicillin, waterless amoxicillin or the alkali metal salt of amoxicillin. The invention also provides a process for preparing the compound preparation.
CN101007174A	Biodegradable polymer docetaxel bonded drug and preparation method thereof	The invention discloses a biological decomposable macromolecular-polyPaclitaxel bonding drug and making method, which is characterized by the following: opening ring of aliphatic cyclic esters under the action of carbowax, solvent and catalyst; obtaining the block polymer of carbowax and aliphatic cyclic esters; transmitting terminated hydroxyl into terminated carboxyl; etherifying with polyPaclitaxel; obtaining the product with amphipathy; making micelle solution through solvent replacing method as well as freeze dried.
CN101007809A	Water-soluble camptothecine derivative and its preparation process and application thereof	The invention discloses water-soluble camptothecine derivatives with its general formula being (I), its mono-isomer, antimer and relevant mixer, medical-use salt and active metabolism. The definition of R1 and R2 is expressed in instruction manual. The derivatives are prepared through Sonogashira reaction with 7- chloro- camptothecine by using palladium catalyst with existance of organophosphorus ligand and alkali. Said water-soluble camptothecine derivatives can resist tumor and can be used to prepare anti-tumor medicine.
CN101010087B	High yield and rapid synthesis method for processing organic metal salt	The invention relates to a new method for preparing salts of metal cations and organic acids, especially divalent salts of alkaline earth metal ions from group II of the periodic system and carboxylic acids. The method comprising the use of a high temperature (about 90 DEG or more) and, optionally. high pressure, in order to obtain a higher yield, purity and faster reaction speed than obtained with known synthesis methods. In particular, the present invention relates to the production of strontium salts of carboxylic acids. Novel strontium salts are also provided by the present method.
CN101011383A	Dispersible tablet of coumarin derivative and its preparation method	The invention relates to a disperser drug, which contains 6, 7-methylenedioxy coumarin or/and 6-hydroxyl-7-methoxy coumarin and medical carrier, wherein, the carrier comprises disintegration agent, stuff, surface activator, wetting adhesive, or lubricant. The invention uses wetting particle press method. The inventive drug has simple production and low cost, while the disintegration is quick, with quick adsorption to improve the biological utilization and drug density in blood, to improve the treatment effect.
CN101011513A	Pharmaceutical composition for treating bone fracture and its preparation	The invention discloses a pharmaceutical composition for treating bone fracture and its preparing process, wherein the composition comprises the following main ingredients and pharmaceutically acceptable auxiliary materials: strychnine 0.1-2 parts, Shangdening 0.1-4 parts, native copper 10-90 parts, dragon's blood resin 5-50 parts. The preparing process comprises steps of disintegrating main constituents into powders, charging crystalline cellulose, starch and cyclodextrin, mixing 5-30 minutes, making soft material with 50-95% ethanol, passing through 10-24 mesh sieve, drying 3 hours at 35-80 deg. C, 10-30 mesh granulating, charging miropowdered silica gel, and magnesium stearate and talcum powder, mixing to obtain capsules.
CN101015543A	Use of cinnamic acid and allyl benzoate compound with oxidation resistance function for protecting liver and brain damage	This invention relates to an application of cinnamic acid styracine type curcumin analogs in resisting oxidation, and protecting liver and preventing brain damage. it has been found by test that the compound has effects in protecting liver cells of suckling mouse from damage, promoting liver cells repair, scavenging superoxide anion and DPPH in vitro, inhibiting the generating activity of lipid peroxide, protecting pheochromocytoma cell simulating cranial nerve from damaging, and chelating iron ion. Thus it is can be expected to be used for preparing medicine for preventing and treating chronic or acute liver or brain damage diseases, apoplexy, sequelae of apoplexy, Parkinson's disease, senile dementia, inflammation, autoimmune disease, tumour, myocardial ischemia, cardiac hypertrophy, senility, allergic response, and atherosclerosis.
CN101015637A	Medical ointment plaster for curing articulation pain and preparation method thereof	Disclosed is a medicinal plaster for treating knuckle pain and process for preparation, wherein the raw materials include (by mass ratio) Sichuan aconite root 3 parts, wild aconkite root 3 parts, buck grass 10 parts, herb of garden balsam 10 part, Sambucus williamsii. 10 parts, native copper 10 parts, pangolin scales 8 parts, buthus martensi kirsch 2 part, Chinese ephedra 3 parts, cinnamon twig 6 parts, earthworm 8 parts, notoginseng 6 parts, dried body of ground beetle 3 parts, asarum herb 8 parts, cibot rhizome 10 parts, eucommia bark 10 parts, frank incense 8 parts, myrrh 8 parts, seed of nuxvomica 2 parts, black-tail snake 1-8 parts, epimedium 10 parts, ligustrum japonicum 6 parts, prepared rhizome of rehmannia 6 parts, seed of cowherb 8 parts, homalomena rhizome 10 parts, hairy birthwort 8 parts, Clematis chinensis 8 parts. The preparing process consists of disintegrating, sieving, mixing the raw material fines, charging sesame oil and heating into viscous form, and applying the viscous form substances onto soft base stocks.
CN101019844A	Transdermal plaster prepn of Tramadol hydrochloride	The present invention discloses one kind of transdermal plaster preparation of Tramadol hydrochloride. The plaster preparation of Tramadol hydrochloride is used in ultrasonic administrating system, ion introducing administrating system, electroporating administrating system and high pressure gas administrating system, to treat various kinds of chronic pain, post-operational pain and cancer pain. It may be also used in drug addiction eliminating treatment.
CN101019847A	Slow released diacetyl rheinic acid prepn and its prepn process	The present invention is slow released diacetyl rheinic acid preparation and its preparation process. The slow released diacetyl rheinic acid preparation, which may be granule, tablet or capsule, is prepared with diacetyl rheinic acid as main material and other supplementary material. The slow released diacetyl rheinic acid preparation of the present invention has excellent slow releasing effect and simple preparation process.
CN101019895B	Health product for reducing blood sugar and its prepn	The present invention relates to health product, and is especially one kind of health product for reducing blood sugar and its preparation process. The health product is prepared with 14 kinds of material, including chitin amine, tea polyphenol, taurine, spirulina, pollen, etc in certain weight proportion. The preparation process includes mixing the materials, pelletizing, drying, crushing, encapsulating and other steps. The health product has the health functions of resisting oxidation, eliminating lipid peroxide, activating and repairing beta cell, etc.
CN101024055A	Method for preparing sporo-toxin-bacteria liver-protection vaccine for domestic animal, fowl and aquatic animals	The present invention discloses a preparation method of sporotoxin liver-protecting vaccine for livestock, poultry and aquatic animal. Said preparation method includes the following steps: mixing hypericin, astragalus root, pig's gallbladder, licorice, sihuanglian, isatis root and lesser galangal root according to a certain mixing ratio, cooking, condensing the evaporated gas and drying to obtain powder, using ethyl alcohol solution whose concentration is 80%-90% to make extraction, adding cane sugar, water and anhydrous ethyl alcohole, mixing the above-mentioned materials with vitamin, stirring them so as to obtain the invented product.
CN101028275A	Use of alpha-D-glucose diglyceride in preparation of thrombolytic medicine	An application of alpha-D-glucose diglyceride in preparing the thrombolytic medicines for treating pulmonary thrombosis, cerebral thrombosis and myocardiac infarction is disclosed.
CN101032469A	Clindamycin phosphate bubble agent and preparing method	The present invention is clindamycin phosphate foam agent and its preparation process. The process of preparing clindamycin phosphate foam agent includes the steps of: dissolving clindamycin phosphate in water; adding span-80, sodium dodecyl sulfate, glycerin, etc via homogeneous mixing; adding distilled water via stirring and regulating pH value; filling the mixture into container, setting in emulsion pump and pressing the emulsion pump manually to generate foam, or adding propellant to generate foam. The foam agent makes its medicine distributed inside vagina or on the surface of skin to take action fast. The foam agent has fast and high treating effect, high safety and use convenience, and is one good medicine for treating gynecologic diseases.
CN101036651A	Naloxone hydrochloride spraying agent for mouth and nose	The invention discloses a naloxone hydrochloride spraying agent for oral or nasal cavity, which is prepared by naloxone hydrochloride, naloxone free alkali or the other naloxone acceptable in medicine having a ratio by weight of 1:2.5~10 with pharmaceutic edjuvant based on general spraying agent preparation process. Active ingredient of the naloxone hydrochloride spraying agent for oral or nasal cavity in the invention can directly participate intracorporeal circulation after absorbed by capillary tube under oral or nasal mucosa of a patient, thus has advantages of fast absorption and high bioavailability, without stimulating to the oral or nasal mucosa. In particular, the drugs of the invention can be taken with no requirement of use situation, so that it is convenient for using which dosage is controllable and has little side effect.
CN101036660A	Estrogen gelatin medicine and the method for preparing the same	The invention relates to a estrogen gel drug and a method for preparing the same. The estrogen gel drug is formed by materials of estradiol, alcohol, propanediol, azone laurocapram, carbomer, water, trolamine, etc., via a determined simple process with low cost. The invention provides a special drug having good curative effect, high bioavailability, less side reaction, high safety, convenience for using and low cost, for patient with low level of estrin.
CN101036669A	Application of Li2WO4 in preparing medicine	The invention discloses an application of tungstate lithium for preparing a medicine, in particular an application for preparing drug for treating neurodegenerative disease, neuropathy caused by diabetes, and cerebral ischemia including cerebral dysfunction. Both of activity of anion and cation of the tungstate lithium can perform synergistic reaction to inhibit activity of a GSK-3 much better. By inhibiting activity of a GSK-3 alpha, generation of the A beta is reduced to decrease SP; by inhibiting activity of a GSK-3 beta, hyperphosphorylation of tau protein is inhibitted to reduce NFT. Thereby, survival and wound repair of neurocyte are promoted even in a state of ischemia and anoxia to improve learning and memory dysfunction by increasing content of BDNF in cortical neurons.
CN101037415A	S-DABO compound, synthesizing method and usage	S-DABO composition and its synthesis method and function belong to medicine technical medicine. The invention relates to a 5-alkyl-6-phenyl-2-(substituted arylcarbonylmethylsulfur)uracil composition, having following general formula: wherein, R1 is C1-3 alkyl; R2=C1-6 alkyl, substituted furan ring, thiofuran ring, benzene ring (substituent on the benzene ring is H, OH, Cl3 alkoxy), having the 5-alkyl-6-phenylthiouracil as reagent, reacting with alpha-halogen ketone to get the inventive product which is catalyzed by K2CO3. The synthesis method is easy to operate. The product has an obvious anti-HIV virus activity, a low toxicity, a high selectivity index and can be an anti-HIV medicine candidate.
CN101040959A	Anticancer compound agent	The invention relates to a composite anticancer preparation for eradicating cancer cells without damaging the normal immunological functions which is prepared from the following raw materials (by weight portion): ginseng 3-6, astragalus root 6-8, ganoderma lucidum 20-30, draconic dentes 25-30, subprostrate sophora root 6-9, licorice root 10-15, fructus akebiae 25-30, sea apron 6-9, herba patriniae 20-30, walnut branch 25-30, organic germanium 0.4-11, molybdenum 0.1-1, iodine 0.1-1 and selenium 0.0005-0.001.
CN101040972A	Acetanilide for treating rheumatism disease and the preparing method	The invention provides an analgesic agent for treating rheumatism and process for preparation, wherein the formulation and process for preparation are disclosed in the specification. The produced pill has the functions of replenishing calcium, activating blood circulation, removing stasis, anti-inflammation and easing pain, thus can be used for treating waist and legs pain, chronic infectious arthritis pain, traumatic injury and hyperosteogeny.
CN101041641A	Di-diamino dihydrogen triazine derivative and preparation method and usage thereof	The invention discloses a di-diamino dihydrogen triazine derivant with structural general formula as general formula I, wherein R is H, methyl or ethyl; R' is C-C7 alkyl, phenyl or phenyl with one or several alkoxide, halogen, hydrocarbyl group, nitro group or hydroxy; R and R' forms (CH2) z (z is 4-6); A is O(CH2)nO and (CH2)n in the formula II (n is 1-10; m is 1-2); fitting for making antitrypanosomal.
CN101041652B	Separating purified new bisflavone compound from dragon's blood and preparation method thereof	The invention discloses a making method of separated and purified new bis-flavonoid from dragon's blood, which is characterized by the following: adopting dragon's blood as raw material; extracting through ligarine, acetone, acetic ester solvent sequently; separating and recrystallizing the acetic ester solvent extract through silica gel column or rapid silica gel column to chromatograph; obtaining the product named 8-(3-(4-hydroxy-2-methoxybenzene)-1-(4-hydroxy benzene) propyl )-2-(4-hydroxy phenyl )-7-methoxy -4H-benzopyranyl -4-ketone to inhibit alpha-glucosidase acitivty and reduce blood sugar.
CN101045048B	Application of chondriosome nutrient composition	An application of the composition composed of R-thioctan or its physiologically acceptable salt and one or more mitochondrial nutrients chosen from acetylcarnitine, VE, coenzyme Q10, niacin, and their physiologically acceptable salts in preparing the medicines or food additives for preventing, relaxing and treating diabetes, insuline resistance and cell mitochondrion metabolism disorder is disclosed. Said composition is also disclosed.
CN101053553B	Biodegradable fluorourcacil polyester medicine-carried nanospheres and its preparation method	The invention relates to biodegradable fluorouracil(Fu) polyester drug-bearing manoparticles with a coating material of polylactic acid, polylactic acid-glycolic acid, polylactic acid-polyethylene glycol block copolymer or polylactic acid-glycolic acid-polyethylene glycol block copolymer and the producing method including: firstly, fully dissolving the copolymer in the dichloromethane, under the ultrasonic shock, injecting the fluorouracil NaOH solution in the dichloromethane solution, dispersing uniformly, forming W/O primary latex, and beating up the primary latex and injecting into the fluorouracil saturated water solution containing 5 wt% of polyvinylalcohol (PVA), and storing in the refrigeratory after freeze-dry. The drug-bearing manoparticle has a drug content which is 10-25% of the microparticle mass, and has a smooth surface, an even diameter distribution, a remarkable slow release function and not adhesive. The micropartical size is 100-1000nm.
CN101058578A	Dextrorotation deoxidization tylophorinine, preparation method thereof, pharmaceutical composition and use thereof	The invention discloses a making method of (+)-13a-deoxytylophorine with structure as formula (I), which contains drug composition and application as tumour-proof drug.
CN101062030A	Method of preparing silybin frozen powder injection	The invention discloses a preparing method of Silybum marianum freeze dry powder needle, which comprises the following steps: adding 10-20 double alcohol or methanol into the mixture of Silybum marianum unit with mole ratio at 1 wt and glu-methylamine with mole ratio at 1-3 wt; hot-refluxing; dissolving completely; evaporating the dissolvent to dryness; dissolving to proper water; producing water solution with 2. 5-25 milligram Silybum marianum unit per milliliter; adjusting pH value; filtering; split-charging filter liquor; cooling; drying; getting the product. This invention increases curative effect of the Silybum marianum unit.
CN101070307A	2,5,6-tri-substituted primidone derivative and medicine composition containing said derivative	This invention belongs to medicine technosphere, concretely relates to a 2, 5, 6 - three substituted pyrimidone compound as formulae I, and its N - oxide, stereoisomeride form, stereoisomeride hybrid and salt receivable in mediating drugs, its hydrate and solvate, polycrystal and eutectic crystal, its precursor and ramification that has same biological function, and also relates to the application of the combination that contain one or more of this kind compounds in the prevention of Viral infection especially HIV, HBV and Influenza virus B and A.
CN101074252B	11,20-cyclic carbonate-azithromycin 4-phenproester derivative, its production and medicinal composition	A compound with general formula (I), accepted additional salts of inorganic and organic acid medicines, its production, medicinal composition and usage are disclosed. It belongs to azithromycin pentadecenic macrolide derivative, R1 represents hydrogen or acetyl or methane; R2 represents fatty hydrocarbon, substituted aromatic fatty hydrocarbon or substituted aromatic heterocyclic fatty hydrocarbon. It can be used to prepare medicines in treatment of bacterial infections.
CN101077862A	D-glucose-L-amino acid, preparation method and application thereof	The present invention discloses compounds in the general expression as shown and their preparation process. These compounds are prepared with D-glucose, L-amino acid and alkali and through reaction at 50-60 deg.c, reduction of the resultant with reductant, and further reaction with acid. These compounds are able to be complexed with zinc or copper ion to form stable complex, and may be applied in repelling excessive Zn or Cu from human body.
CN101084879A	Method for preparing fotemustine freezing-dried powder injection for injection	The invention relates to a preparation method of fotemustine freeze-dried injection which comprises weighing required fotemustine, adding solvent such as ethanol, acetonitrile or tetrahydrofuran solution or their mixed liquor, stirring to dissolve the basic medicine, preparing into fotemustine solution in required concentration, subpackaging in brown silin bottle, freeze drying at low temperature for 30-50 h, and sealing. The advantages of the invention are low facility request for freeze-dry and reduced energy consumption.
CN101085355A	5-flucytosine/hydrotalcite-like nano hybrid compound and preparation method thereof	A nano-hybrid of 5-fluctyosine (5-FC) and hydrotalcite-like compounds (HTlc) belongs to technology field of new material and pharmaceutical preparation.5-FC/HTlc nanohybrid is synthesized by mixed salt solution of divalent metal ion trivalent metal ion and 5-fluctyosine alkali solution throug coprecipitation method, and has a chemical constitution general formula of [MII(1-x)MIIIx(OH)2](An-)a(5-FC-)b.nH2O.The inventive 5-FC/HTlc nanohybrid has simple and easy synthetic method, large drug loading dosage, certain sustained release effect compared with raw material of 5-FC, and important significance for clinical application of 5-FC.
