CA2119782C	Carbamate analogs of thiaphysovenine, pharmaceutical compositions, and method for inhibiting cholinesterases	Substituted carbamates of tricyclic compounds which have a cyclic sulfer atom, having the formula:(See formula I) wherein R1 is H or a linear or branched chain C1- C10 alkyl group; and R2 is selected from the group consisting of a linear or branched chain -C1-C10 alkyl group, and (See formula I) wherein R3 and R4 are independently selected from the group consisting of H and a linear or branched chain C1-C10 -alkyl group;and with the proviso that when one of R1 or R2 is a H or a methyl group the other of R1 or R2 is not H and optical isomers of the 3aS series, provide highly potent and selective cholinergic agonist and blocking activity and are useful as pharmaceutical agents. Cholinergic disease are treated with these compounds such as glaucoma, Myasthenia Gravis, Alzheimer's disease. Methods for inhibiting esterases, acetylcholinesterase and butyryl-cholinesterase are also provided.
CA2129897C	Coa-it and paf inhibitors	Coenzyme A-independent transacylase is required for the release of free arachidonic acid and the production of arachidonic acid metabolites and platelet activation factor. Blocking of this enzyme inhibits the production of these inflammatory mediators and will be of therapeutic utility in a broad range of allergic and inflammatory diseases and disorders. Compounds are described herein which inhibit the action of CoA-IT and are therefore useful in the treatment of disease states caused thereby. The figure shows the effect of compound three on CoA-IT activity. In one embodiment, the compound is of formula (I)
CA2137764C	Pharmaceutical compositions comprising solutions or dispersions of a staurosporine active ingredient in a saturated polyalkylene glycol glyceride	A pharmaceutical composition comprising a solution or dispersion of a staurosporine active ingredient in a saturated polyalkylene glycol glyceride such as a mixture of esters of C8-C18 saturated fatty acids with glycerol and polyethylene glycol. The composition may be administered in capsules or as a dispersion in an aqueous medium. The pharmaceutical composition may be used as an orally administrable form of a staurosporine active ingredient.
CA2155014C	Process for the preparation of baccatin iii analogs bearing new c2 and c4 functional groups	Process for the preparation of a derivative or analog of baccatin III or 10-desacetyl baccatin III having a C2 substituent other than benzoate and/or a C4 substituent other than acetate in which the C2 benzoate substituent and/or the C4 acetate substituent of a derivative of baccatin III or 10-desacetyl baccatin III is/are selectively reduced or hydrolyzed to the corresponding hydroxy group(s) and converted to R31COO- and/or R30COO-, respectively, wherein R30 and R31 are independently H, C1-C6 alkyl, C2-C6 alkenyl, C2-C6 alkynyl, monocyclic aryl or monocyclic heteroaryl.
CA2157590C	Use of terbinafine for the therapeutic treatment of pneumocystosis	Use of terbinafine for the primary and secondary prophylaxis and treatment of Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia, including the oral administration of terbinafine 3-20 mg/kg/day to a subject suffering from this type of pneumonia.
CA2177961C	Use of dimeticone for treating aphthae and stomatitis	The invention disclosed relates to treating aphthae and stomatitis by applying dimeticone to the afflicted oral mucosa.
CA2182620C	Improving glucose tolerance	A compound of formula (I) or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof in which R1 and R2 are independently H or methyl (for example N,N-dimethyl-1-[1-(4-chlorophenyl)cyclobutyl]-3-methylbutylamine hydrochloride optionally in the form of its monohydrate) is used for improving the glucose tolerance of humans having impaired glucose tolerance or non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.
CA2213842C	Use of dextromethorphan or dextrorphan for the treatment of urinary incontinence	Urinary incontenence is alleviated in a mammal by administering to the mammal a urinary incontinence alleviating amount of dextromethorphan, dextrorphan, their mixtures and/or pharmaceutically acceptable salts, alone or in combination with a pharmacologically active agent such as an anticholinergic sympathomimetic, tricyclic antidepressant, antispasmodic, direct-acting smooth muscle relaxant, estrogen, compound having estrogen-like activity, or any combination of the foregoing.
CA2246760C	Polysaccharide-peptide-conjugates	The invention relates to a polysaccharide-peptide conjugate wherein the polysaccharide is advantageously immunogenic, which comprises a polysaccharide chain composed of repeat units and a plurality of peptide moieties, each moiety containing a cysteine residue and being covalently attached at random along the polysaccharide chain, through an indirect bound involving the thiol group of the cysteine residue and an amino, hydroxyl or carboxyl group of the polysaccharide, said indirect bound being achieved through either a linker or a spacer-linker moiety provided that the spacer entity of the spacer-linker moiety is linked to the amino, hydroxyl or carboxyl group of the polysaccharide. To this end, a useful linker may be e.g., N-(.gamma.-maleimidobutyryloxy) succinimide ester. Such a conjugate may typically exhibit a "Rake" configuration. Conjugation processes are also disclosed. Conjugates of the invention are in particular useful in the vaccinal field to elicit a protective long term immune response against a pathogenic microorganism from which the immunogenic polysaccharide is derived.
CA2250630C	Novel lantibiotic related to actagardine, and processes for the preparation and use thereof	The present invention relates to a novel lantibiotic having the formula NH2-R-actagardine, where NH2-R is the radical of the amino acid alanine, which is formed by the microorganism Actinoplanes liguriae, DSM 11797 or Actinoplanes garbadiensis, DSM 11796 during fermentation, chemical derivatives of the lantibiotic, a process for its preparation and the use of the lantibiotics as pharmaceuticals.
CA2251949C	Use of lofexidine in the manufacture of a medicament for treating attention deficit hyperactive disorder	The invention relates to the treatment of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). Lofexidine is used for control of ADHD.     Typical doses are from 0.005 to 0.02 mg/kg.
CA2253207C	Growth inhibition and eradication of solid tumors using neuroendocrine resetting therapy and photodynamic therapy	A method of ablating the growth of or eradicating tumors in mammals having prolactin, growth hormone, and melatonin daily rhythms by adjusting one or more of the prolactin, growth hormone, and melatonin profiles of the mammal to conform to or approach the corresponding normal profile for healthy members of the same species and sex as said mammal, contacting the cells of the tumor with a photoactive photosensitizer, and, exposing the photosensitizer-contact tumor cells to light of a predetermined wavelength, power density, and energy level.
CA2256633C	Selected derivatives of k-252a	Disclosed herein are selected indolocarbazole derivatives which are represented by general formula (I). The compounds are useful for enhancing the function and/or survival of a trophic factor responsive cell. They inhibit interleukin-2 production and have immunosuppressive activity.
CA2261923C	Pyridazino [4,5-b]-quinoline 5-oxide derivatives, their preparation and their use as glycine antagonists	Pyridyl-phtalazin diones having formula (I), wherein R1 and R2 are selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, halogen, and methoxy or wherein R1 and R2 together form methylenedioxy, and pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof, and pharmaceutical compositions containing an effective glycines antagonistic amount thereof, are useful in combatting neurological disorders associated with excitotoxicity and malfunctioning of glutamatergic neurotransmission in a living animal, including a human, in need thereof.
CA2268968C	Iminochlorin aspartic acid derivatives	The present invention provides an iminochlorin aspartic acid derivative represented by the following formula (I):(see formula I) Wherein Asp represents an aspartic acid residue, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof. The compound of the present invention is useful as a photosensitizer for photophysico-chemical diagnosis and therapy of cancer, because it has a high accumulability to cancerous cells, reactivity to external energy and a cancerous cell destroying effect which is effective even againt cancers developing in deep site, while it is rapidly excreted from normal cells and therefore causes no damage thereto.
CA2280612C	Amino acid-sugar composition	An amino acid-sugar composition comprising an amino acid composition which comprises proline, alanine, glycine, valine, threonine, leucine, histidine, lysine, isoleucine, arginine, phenylalanine, tyrosine, and tryptophan; and sugar of trehalose. The amino acid-sugar composition has effects of compensating the reduction of the blood level of amino acids associated with severe exercise, of improving the exercise, of reducing the degree of fatigue after exercise and of recovering from fatigue. In addition, the administration of the composition permits the inhibition of the consumption of amino acids associated with exercise and any induction of fatigue accompanied by exercise.
CA2284774C	Theobromine antitussive compositions	The invention relates to the use of theobromine and/or its salts and/or its complexes optionally in admixture with other known active ingredients and inert, solid or liquid carriers, additives and auxiliary agents for the manufacture of a pharmaceutical composition suitable for relieving cough syndrome. Further subject of the invention is a method of treatment of a human or animal subject being in a condition where relieving of cough is desirable which comprises the step of administering in an effective amount theobromine and/or its salts and/or its complexes optionally in admixture with other known active ingredients and suitable inert, solid or liquid carriers, additives and auxiliary agents.
CA2303448C	Specific steady-state r-type ca2+ channel blockers and use thereof	The present invention relates to Ca2+ channel blockers and more particularly to the R-type Ca2+ channel blockers. More specifically, the invention relates to Ca2+ channel blockers activity of Mandevilla velutina and Mandevilla illustris. The present invention further concerns saponin-like compounds isolated from Mandevilla species. The present invention also relates to the treatment of several pathologies that involve the nifedipine-insensitive but isradipine sensitive steady-state R-type Ca2+ channel and the use of steady-state R-type Ca2+ channel blockers in the treatment of these pathologies.
CA2310230C	The use of brinzolamide to prevent visual field loss	Methods for preventing or slowing visual field loss are disclosed.
CA2312990C	Novel salts of metformin and method	Novel salts of the antidiabetic agent metformin are provided which are metformin salts of dibasic acids (2:1 molar ratio), preferably metformin (2:1) fumarate and metformin (2:1) succinate, which may be employed alone or in combination with another antihyperglycemic agent such as glyburide, for treating diabetes. A method for treating diabetes employing the novel metformin salt by itself or in combination with another antidiabetic agent is also provided.
CA2313878C	Composition for suppressing behavior problems of pets	A composition for suppressing behavior problems of pets, comprising theanine, and optionally one or more compounds selected from the group consisting of highly unsaturated fatty acids and cholines; and a method of suppressing behavior problems of pets, comprising administering the above composition to a pet having behavior problems. The composition can be effectively used for suppressing various behavior problems associated with the pet.
CA2314170C	Method of the prophylactic treatment of mastitis	A method of prophylactic treatment of mastitis in mammalian, including human, mothers, is described. The method comprises administration of a prophylactically effective dosage of a human or veterinary medicament containing at least one type of xanthophylls, such as astaxanthin, to said mothers. Preferably, the astaxanthin exists in a form esterified with fatty acids, e.g. in the form of algae meal produced by culturing of the alga Haematococcus sp. Further, use of at least one type of xanthophylls, such as astaxanthin, for the preparation of a human or veterinary medicament for the prophylactic treatment of mastitis in mammalian, including human, mothers is disclosed.
CA2314326C	Transdermal therapeutic device and method with capsaicin and capsaicin analogs	Transdermal application of capsaicin (or a capsaicin analog) in a concentration from greater than about 5 % to about 10 % by weight has been discovered to be an extremely effective therapy for treating neuropathic pain, so long as an anesthetic, preferably by means of a transdermal patch, is administered initially to the affected area to minimize the expected side effects from subsequent capsaicin application.
CA2320822C	Substituted isoindolones and their use as cyclic gmp modulators in medicaments	The invention relates to substituted isoindolon derivatives of formula (I), wherein R1, R2, R3, R4, R5, R6 and R7 have the meanings cited in the description. Said derivatives represent valuable active substances in medicaments for the therapy and prophylaxis of diseases, e.g. cardiovascular diseases such a hypertension, angina pectoris, heart failures, thrombosis or atherosclerosis. The compounds of formula (I) are capable of modulating endogenous production of cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP) and are generally suitable for the therapy and prophylaxis of pathological states associated with disorders of the cGMP metabolism. The invention also relates to a method for the production of compounds of formula (I), their use in the therapy and prophylaxis of the above-mentioned pathological states and in the production of medicaments for such states. The invention further relates to pharmaceutical preparations containing the compounds of formula (I).
CA2323536C	Pharmaceutical formulation comprising a 2-[[(2-pyridinyl)methyl]sulfinyl]benzimidazole having anti-ulcer activity and a process for the preparation of such formulation	Oral pharmaceutical formulation comprising granules having an inert core coated with a layer, comprising a 2-[[(2-pyridinyl)methyl]sulfinyl]benzimidazole having anti-ulcer activity, a disintegrant and a surfactant in a matrix of a melt coating substance essentially consisting of one or more esters of glycerol and fatty acids, a separating layer and an enteric coating layer, and a process for the preparation of such formulation using a melt coating technique for the preparation of the benzimidazole containing layer.
CA2326048C	Peroral active agent suspension	The present invention relates to orally administered suspensions of pharmaceutical active substances of the NSAID type, particularly the antirheumatic agent meloxicam, which are stabilised by the addition of small amounts of highly dispersed silicon dioxide using high shear forces and adding small amounts of hydrophilic polymers to form a three-dimensional siloid structure, and a process for the preparation thereof.
CA2338901C	Prevention of migraine recurrence	The invention relates to the use of eletriptan, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt or composition thereof, for the manufacture of a medicament for the prevention of migraine recurrence and to the use of a 5-HT1B/1D receptor agonist, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt or composition thereof, for the manufacture of a dual-, sustained-, delayed-, controlled- or pulsed-release pharmaceutical composition for the prevention of migraine recurrence.
CA2344248C	4-amino substituted-2-substituted-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroquinolines as cetp inhibitors	Cholesteryl ester transfer protein inhibitors, of the Formula (I), prodrug thereof, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt of said compound or of said prodrug, pharmaceutical compositions containing such inhibitors and the use of such inhibitors to elevate certain plasma lipid levels including high density lipoprotein-cholesterol and to lower certain other plasma lipid levels, such as LDL-cholesterol and triglycerides and accordingly to treat diseases which are exacerbated by low levels of HDL cholesterol and/or high levels of LDL-cholesterol and triglycerides, such as atherosclerosis and cardiovascular diseases in some mammals, including humans.
CA2348390C	Compositions for the treatment and prevention of neurological and pathopsychological diseases	Compositions comprising one or more active ingredients and, optionally, one or more nutritional substances, solid, liquid and/or semiliquid excipients or auxiliaries, wherein the active ingredients consist of a) a component A consisting of one or more phosphatidylserines, b) a component B consisting of one or more methyl transporters, and c) a component C consisting of one or more compounds selected from methyl and methylene donors, provided that phosphatidylserines and compounds with methyl transporting properties do not form part of component C are well-suited for the treatment and prevention of transmethylation disorders, preferably neurological and pathopsychological diseases.
CA2352946C	Baby food stimulating growth of the thymus	A thymus growth stimulating baby food is provided, substantially composed of a fat component, as well as a carbohydrate component and a protein component of animal or vegetable or animal and vegetable but not human origin, whereby the protein component is composed of intact proteins, hydrolyzed proteins, peptides or the constituents thereof, or of amino acids or a mixture thereof not bound to peptides or proteins. This type of baby food is characterized in that the total amount of arginine is at least 3.7 g per 100 g of the amino acids present in toto, and that it contains zinc (calculated as elementary zinc) in an amount of at least 40 mg per 100 g of the amino acids present in toto.
CA2386817C	The use of baclofen in the treatment of alcoholism	The use of baclofen for the treatment of alcohol withdrawal syndrome and promotion of abstinence in alcoholics.
CA2387351C	Indole derivatives as tyrosine kinase inhibitors	The present invention relates to compounds of Formula I which inhibit, regulate and/or modulate tyrosine kinase signal transduction, compositions which contain these compounds, and methods of using them to treat tyrosine kinase-dependent diseases and conditions, such as angiogenesis, cancer, tumor growth, atherosclerosis, age related macular degeneration, diabetic retinopathy, inflammatory diseases, and the like in mammals.(see formula I)
CA2400737C	Nutritional formulation containing prebiotic substances	A nutritional composition is provided which comprises oligofructose and sialyllactose.
CA2401424C	Alprazolam inclusion complexes and pharmaceutical compositions thereof	Pharmaceutical composition for transmucosal delivery contains an inclusion complex of alprazolam and a water soluble unsubstituted or substituted beta- or gamma-cyclodextrin such as 2-hydroxypropyl beta-cyclodextrin, and a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier therefor. The pharmaceutical composition is of particular application in the treatment of Generalised Anxiety Disorder or for the management of panic disorders.
CA2416512C	Enhancement of the action of anti-infective agents	The invention provided a method of enhancing the action of a pharmaceutical agent selected from the group consisting of the group comprising antimicrobial agents, the anthelmintic agents and the anti-ectoparasitic agents, but excluding coal tar solution and H1-antagonist antihistamines, characterised in that the agent is formulated with an administration medium which comprises a solution of nitrous oxide gas in a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier solvent for the gas and which administration medium includes at least one fatty acid or ester or other suitable derivative thereof selected from the group consisting of oleic acid, linoleic acid, alpha-linolenic acid, gamma-linolenic acid, arachidonic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid [C20: 5w3], decosahexaenoic acid [C22: 60], ricinoleic acid and derivatives thereof selected from the group consisting of the C1 to C6 alkyl esters thereof, the glycerol-polyethylene glycol esters thereof and the reaction product of hydrogenated natural oils composed largely of ricinoleic acid based oils, such as castor oil with ethylene oxide.
CA2437603C	Fluoroether compositions and methods for inhibiting their degradation in the presence of a lewis acid	Degradation of a Lewis acid by a quantity of sevoflurane is provided by combining the quantity of sevoflurane with a Lewis acid inhibitor, for example, water, butylated hydroxytoluene, methylparaben, propylparben, propofol and thymol. A method of the invention involves a method for storing a quantity of sevoflurane, the method comprising the steps of providing a container defining an interior space, the container having an interior wall adjacent the interior space defined by the container; providing a quantity of sevoflurane; coating the interior wall of the container with the Lewis acid inhibitor; placing the quantity of sevoflurane in the interior space defined by the container.
CA2442151C	Stable solution of reduced coenzyme q	The present invention provides a composition of a practically usable solution capable of stably maintaining, against oxidation, reduced coenzyme Q, which has not been employed in practice so far because of being liable to undergo oxidation and hydrophobic, a method of preparing the solution and a method of storing the solution. A solution of reduced coenzyme Q which can be stored at a low temperature or room temperature over a long time can be prepared by coating reduced coenzyme Q with liposome made of refined soybean lecithin, etc, and solubilizing, or solubilizing or emulsifying reduced coenzyme Q by using a surfactant at a low temperature.
CA2443543C	Supplementation of equine feedstuffs	The present invention provides equine feedstuffs and methods by which plasma glutamine concentrations in equine animals can be increased or maintained. The present invention provides equine feedstuffs with supplemented glutamine and with optional high levels of fat or oil. Glutamine supplementation provides a pharmacological benefit to the equine animal, for example in respect of one or more or over-training, infection, surgery, other stressful conditions or catabolic stress.
CA2459033C	Methods for inhibiting cognitive deterioration in adults with down's syndrome	This invention generally pertains to the field of psychiatry. In particular, this invention pertains to the discovery that agents capable of inhibiting the binding of cortisol to its receptors can be used in methods for preventing or reversing cognitive deterioration in adults with Down's syndrome. Mifepristone, a potent specific glucocorticoid receptor antagonist, can be used in these methods. The invention also provides a kit for preventing or reversing cognitive deterioration in a DS patient including a glucocorticoid receptor antagonist and instructional material teaching the indications, dosage and schedule of administration of the glucocorticoid receptor antagonist.
CA2464309C	Combinations comprising a selective cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor	A combination therapy for treating patients suffering from pre-malignant colon lesions (e.g. polyps) and colon cancer, as well as other malignancies, is disclosed. The patient is treated concurrently with a cycloocygenase-2 inhibitor and at least one compound selected from the group consisting of a microtubule interfering agent, an epithelial growth factor receptor tyrosine protein kinase inhibitor and a vascular endothelial growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor.
CA2474904C	Once-a-day oxycodone formulations	The invention is directed to sustained release formulations containing oxycodone or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof which provide a mean C24/Cmax oxycodoen ratio of 0.6 to 1.0 or 0.7 to 1 after oral administration at steady state to patients and methods thereof.
CA2492874C	Taste masked oral composition of telithromycin	Composition for oral administration of telithromycin comprising : spherical agglomerates of telithromycin ; ethylcellulose ; an acrylic polymer ; anti-agglomeration agentwhere the composition is in the form of microcapsules having a 2 layers coating.
CA2516078C	Catechol compositions and use thereof	Novel quinone and catechol compositions, compositions containing prodrugs of quinone and catechol compositions, and method of use for the treatment of solid tumor cancers and other vascular proliferative disorders. The disclosure particulary relates to the discovery of dual activity agents capable of generating both a vascular targeting effect and direct tumor cell cytotoxicity in order to achieve an enhanced anti-tumor response in a patient. In one aspect there is disclosed a compound comprising a structure of:(see above formula)
CA2547887C	Protein modifier production inhibitor	The compounds, at least in selected embodiments, are suitable as inhibitors of the formation of protein modification products capable of inhibiting vitamin B6 deficiency disease as a side effect, especially as a renal protective agent. There is provided a use, as an active ingredient, of any of free or salt-form compounds of either of the formulae: (I) or (II), wherein R1 is substituted or unsubstituted aromatic ring; and each of R2, R3 and R4 is a hydrogen atom or monovalent organic group, or alternatively R2 and R3 cooperate to form a condensed ring or R3 and R4 cooperate to represent a divalent organic group, provided that R3 and R4 are not simultaneously hydrogen atoms.(see formula I) (see formula II)
CA2554073A1	1-[2h-1-benzopyran-2-one-8-yl]-piperazine derivatives for the treatment of movement disorders	The invention relates to a novel use of known 1-[2H-1-benzopyran-2-one-8-yl]~piperazine derivatives, broad spectrum 5-HT receptor binding compounds, having amongst other functional serotonin receptor activities, potent 5-HT1A receptor agonistic activity, 5-HT1D receptor antagonistic activity and 5-HT7 receptor agonistic activity. The compounds of the invention are useful for the preparation of medicaments for treating, ameliorating or preventing movement disorders. The invention relates to compounds of the general formula (1) (1) wherein the symbols have the meanings as given in the description.
CA2555406A1	Improved therapy using a combination of raloxifene and alendronate	Provided are methods of treating bone disease including, but not limited to, osteoporosis, metastatic bone disease, or Paget~s disease, by administering a combination of raloxifene and alendronate in a manner that mitigates the formation of ulcerative adverse events.
CA2562821A1	Composition and method for raising blood glucose level	Composition and method of administering the composition to oral mucosa, to raise the blood glucose (sugar) level of an individual. The composition comprises: a. an effective amount of glucose, b. an effective amount of at least one absorption enhancer chosen from lecithin, hyaluronic acid, glycolic acid, lactic acid, chamomile extract, cucumber extract, oleic acid, linoleic acid, linolenic acid, monoolein, monooleates, monolaurates, borage oil, evening primrose oil, menthol, trihydroxy oxo cholanyl glycine, glycerin, polyglycerin, lysine, polylysine, triolein, polyoxyethylene ethers, polidocanol alkyl ethers, chenodeoxycholate, deoxycholate, alkali metal salicylate, pharmaceutically acceptable edetate, and pharmaceutically acceptable salts and analogues thereof, and c. an effective amount of a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier, wherein the composition is free of any active pharmaceutical agents. Also disclosed are non-aerosol dispensers containing and for use in administering the composition, and the use of the composition to raise blood glucose levels, to treat hypoglycemia or low blood sugar, or in the manufacture of a product to treat hypoglycemia or low blood sugar.
CA2574518A1	Pharmaceutical composition and non dependence coffee comprising edible carboxylic acid and/or its acid salt and coffeine	Pharmaceutical composition and food comprising edible carboxylic acid and/or its acid salt and optionally coffeine, crude drug and pharmaceutical acceptable carrier are disclosed. The invention also discloses the use and method of the composition or food. The composition or food of the present invention can prevent, treat or relief allergy, ache, cold, viral infection, thrombus or clotting, inflammation, cancer, intoxication, memory decay, coffeine dependence. The invention also relates to feedstuff for animals.
CA2583658A1	Multi-carotenoids compositions and uses therefor	A stable nutritional supplement composition for oral administration comprising about 71% by weight, of a tomato extract containing therein at least 2% to 10% by weight of lycopene, 0.25% to 2% by weight of phytoene, and 0.2% to 2% by weight of phytofluene, and about 29% by weight, of a suitable encapsulating matrix. A suitable encapsulating matrix is an edible oil exemplified by soya oil, pumpkin seed oil, grape-seed oil and the like. The tomato extract may additionally comprise one or more of at least one carotene selected from the group comprising .beta.-carotene, .gamma.- carotene, and .delta.-carotene, a phytosterol, a tocopheral and a phospholipid. The tomato extract may be further processed into oleoresin emulsions, or into beadlets, or into dry powders. Methods for ameliorating the effects of aging-related urinary tract malfunctions in men, comprising orally administrating on a regular basis, an effective amount of the nutritional supplement compositions disclosed herein.
CA2585967A1	Substituted indolizines and derivatives as cns agents	Compounds of formula (I) of pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof are provided: formula (I), which are agonists or partial agonists of the 2C subtype of brain serotonin receptors. The compounds, and compositions containing the compounds, can be used to treat a variety of central nervous system disorders such as schizophrenia.
CA2591917C	Analgesic compositions for treating painful conditions of the anal region and uses thereof	Analgesic composition and use thereof for treating painful conditions of the body and of the anorectal region. The composition comprises a combination of nitroglycerin and sucralfate, and may further comprise lidocaine. The composition may be included in a petrolatum base along with a water soluble lubricant. These compositions have been found effective in treating painful conditions in the anal region such as anal fissure, inflamed or recently thrombosed hemorrhoids, ligation of internal hemorrhoids or of the chronic anal pains.
CA2598948A1	Enhanced formulations of lamotrigine	A once-a-day, extended-release formulation of lamotrigine, exhibiting a significantly similar release rate throughout the GI tract irrespective of the pH of the environment, is provided. The formulation comprises lamotrigine, an organic acid, a release enhancing polymer and a release controlling polymer. The use of the formulation for the treatment of the neurological disorders is also disclosed.
CA2615112A1	Synthesis and complete stereochemical assignment of psymberin/irciniastatin for anti-tumor use	The invention relates to the synthesis and complete stereochemical assignments of cytotoxic compounds such as compound 28-a and its stereoisomers. The invention further provides processes for making the compounds, their synthetic intermediates, and for methods of using the compounds and their pharmaceutical compositions for the treatment of neoplastic diseases.
CA2631724C	Improved oral compositions comprising zinc citrate and/or tocopherol agents	Methods and oral compositions for reducing one or more of plaque, tartar/ caries, dentinal sensitivity, malodor, and/ or inflammation are provided. The composition comprise an active ingredient that comprises a zinc salt.
CA2633296A1	Method of detecting and reducing boar taint using nuclear receptors	A method for preventing or reducing boar taint, a method of screening pigs to determine those more likely to have reduced boar taint and a method for screening substances that enhance skatole metabolism or androstenone in a pig, are disclosed These methods involve the use of the nuclear receptors constitutive androstane receptor, pregnane X receptor and farnesoid X receptor, which have been found to modulate the activity of the enzymes involved in skatole and/or androsterone metabolism
CA2635375A1	Synergistic effect between a cyanogenic system and another oxidative inducer for the treatment of tumours	The invention relates to a system which can kill tumour cells by means of caspase-independent apoptosis activation, consisting of: I. a cyanogenic system comprising the enzymatic activity exerted by linamarase on linamarin and an oxidative stress-inducing system comprising the oxidative activity of the enzyme glucose oxidase, which are combined in one composition; or II. a cyanogenic system comprising the enzymatic activity exerted by linamarase on linamarin and an oxidative stress-inducing system comprising the oxidative activity exerted by the enzyme glucose oxidase, which are present in independent compositions.
CA2644356A1	Heterocyclic organic compounds for the treatment of in particular melanoma	The present invention relates to the discovery that certain compounds inhibit, regulate and/or modulate tyrosine and serine/threonine kinase and kinase-like proteins, such as RAF kinase, a serine/threonine kinase that functions in the MAP kinase signaling pathway, and is concerned with compositions which contain these compounds, and methods of using them to treat tyrosine and serine/threonine kinase and kinase-like dependent diseases, such as angiogenesis, cancer and cardiac hypertrophy. (Formula I).
CA2673097A1	Fused heterocyclic compound	Disclosed is a fused heterocyclic compound having tyrosine kinase inhibitory activity. Formula (I) (In the formula, R1 represents a hydrogen atom, a halogen atom, or an optionally substituted group which is bonded through a carbon atom, a nitrogen atom or an oxygen atom, R2 represents a hydrogen atom or an optionally substituted group which is bonded through a carbon atom or a sulfur atom, or alternatively R1 and R2 or R2 and R3 are respectively bonded together to form an optionally substituted ring structure; R3 represents a hydrogen atom or an optionally substituted aliphatic hydrocarbon group, or alternatively R3 is bonded with a carbon atom of ring A to form an optionally substituted ring structure; ring A represents an optionally substituted benzene ring; and ring B represents (i) an optionally substituted fused ring, or (ii) a pyridine ring having an optionally substituted carbamoyl (which pyridine ring may be further substituted).)
CA2673510C	Maleic acid monosalt of antiviral agent and pharmaceutical composition containing the same	The present invention relates to 3-[({1-[(2-amino-9H-purin-9-yl)methyl]cyclopropyl} oxy)methyl]-8,8-dimethyl-3,7-dioxo-2,4,6-trioxa-3.lambda.5-phosphanon-1-yl-pivalate maleic acid monosalt, and pharmaceutical composition containing the same.
CA2675510A1	Method for decreasing inflammation and oxidative stress in mammals	The present invention is directed to a method for decreasing inflammation and oxidative stress in a mammal comprising; administration to a mammal a composition comprising a glucose antimetabolite; and wherein said composition comprises amounts of the glucose anti-metabolite sufficient to decrease a level of an oxidized glutathione and/or increase the ration of reduced glutathione to oxidized glutathione in the blood of the mammal subsequent to administration of the glucose anti-metabolite.
CA2691943A1	Combinations of vasoactive substances with estrogens and their use in the treatment of female sexual dysfunctions	Compositions comprising: - vasokinetic natural coumarins or extracts containing them; anti-phosphodiesterase agents selected from 3,7-O-di-(2- hydroxyethyl)icaritin or 7-O-hydroxyethyl-icariside 11 and/or forskolin or extracts containing them; phytoestrogens selected from ferutinine or ferutinine- containing extracts ofFerula sp.or p-pivaloylferutinine.
CA2704882A1	Use of amorolfine for treating a nail disease by iontophoresis	The invention relates to the use of a composition comprising 1 % to 5% by weight of amorolfine in ionized form in an aqueous-alcoholic solution, at a pH of between 3 and 6, in the manufacture of a medicament for use in the treatment of a nail disease, said composition being applied to the nail in combination with an iontophoretic current, the intensity of which is between 0.01 and 5 mA/cm2, for a period of time which is sufficient to enable the amorolfine to pass into or through the nail.
CA2712282A1	Delayed release pharmaceutical composition of duloxetine	A pharmaceutical composition comprising duloxetine or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof and one or more pharmaceutically acceptable excipient(s) characterised in that the duloxetine has a D90 particle size of 2 to 40 µm.
CA2741941A1	Choline and tromethamine salt of licofelone	The present invention relates to the choline and tromethamine salt of Licofelone.
CA2761656A1	Amorphous silibinin for the treatment of viral hepatitis	The invention relates to a method for the preparation of amorphous silibinin (or its synonyms: silybin or silibin) derived from a milk thistle fruit extract having an increased release rate and improved absorbability or bioavailability, and to the use of amorphous silibinin for the treatment or prevention of liver diseases, preferably for the treatment of viral hepatitis, e.g. hepatitis B or C, in particular in a patient who will undergo or has undergone liver transplantation. Preferably, the amorphous silibinin is adapted for oral administration.
CA2776971A1	Treatment with cholinergic agonists	Methods of treating disorders with cholinergic agonists for example, muscarinic receptor agonists such as pilocarpine and cevimeline are provided. In particular, methods of treating and/or preventing interstitial cystitis, yeast infections, urinary tract infections, atrophic vaginitis, vaginal dryness, and sexual dysfunction associated with vaginal dryness by administering a cholinergic agonist to the subject suffering from the disorders are provided. In addition, intra- vaginal administration of cholinergic agonists such as muscarinic receptor agonists to patients suffering from interstitial cystitis, vaginal dryness, and sexual dysfunction associated with vaginal dryness is also provided.
CA2806362A1	Administration of rifalazil to immunocompromised patients	Compositions and methods for treating a bacterial infection, or disorder associated with a bacterial infection, in a patient being treated for another disorder with a drug metabolized by CYP450, are disclosed. The methods involve administering a therapeutically effective amount of a composition comprising rifalazil or rifalazil analogs that does not modulate CYP450. The bacterial infection may be caused by a bacteria with an active and inactive, latent form, and the rifalazil is administered in an amount and for a duration sufficient to treat both the active and the inactive, latent form of the bacterial infection, which duration is longer than is needed to treat the active form of the bacterial infection. One such bacterial infection is tuberculosis, and the method can be used to treat immunocompromised tuberculosis patients, including those being treated with protease inhibitors and/or NNRTI.
CA2815792A1	Felbinac-containing external patch	Provided is a felbinac-containing external patch that shows a high drug release property and also low skin irritation, and is capable of exerting high drug stability. This felbinac-containing external patch is characterized in that L-menthol is not contained, and felbinac having an average particle size of 5 µm or more but less than 100 µm is dispersed to mix with an adhesive base that is composed of styrene-isoprene-styrene block copolymer, alicyclic saturated hydrocarbon resin, softener, and diethyl sebacate, specifically, 0.1 to 10% by weight of felbinac having an average particle size of 5 µm or more but less than 100 µm is dispersed to mix with an adhesive base that is composed of 10 to 30% by weight of styrene-isoprene-styrene block copolymer, 10 to 50% by weight of alicyclic saturated hydrocarbon resin, 10 to 75% by weight of softener, and 0.1 to 10% by weight of diethyl sebacate.
CA2839244A1	A nutritional approach to the control of anemia, diabetes and other diseases or conditions and prevention of associated comorbid states with the use of ergothioneine	Nutritional products, compositions, pharmaceutical preparations and methods of use are disclosed for the prevention, suppression and treatment of anemia and/or diabetes and its various associated comorbidities. Uses of Ergothioneine to neutralize free radicals and/or cytokines, reduce oxidative stress, prevent inflammation, stimulate red blood cell production with increased levels of hemoglobin, and/or stabilize iron in its normal 2+ charge for proper oxygen binding and carrying are further disclosed. The extraction of Ergothioneine from whole food sources and bacterium for use in nutritional products, compositions, pharmaceutical preparations and treatments is also disclosed.
CA2851516A1	Guanidinyl-substituted polyamides useful for treating human papilloma virus	Polyamide compositions containing guanidinyl radicals, including tetramethylguanidinyl radicals, are described. These polyamides are useful for medical applications, for example, for treating human papilloma virus infections.
CA2856646A1	Combination treatment of cancer	The present invention relates to a combination comprising AZD5363, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, and at least one androgen receptor signalling modulator selected from MDV-3100 (also known as enzalutamide), AZD3514, abiraterone (or an ester prodrug thereof: e.g. abiraterone acetate), and bicalutamide; or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof. Each of these combinations may be useful in the treatment of cancer. The invention also relates to pharmaceutical compositions comprising such combinations, and further relates to methods of treatment comprising the simultaneous, sequential or separate administration of AZD5363, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, with at least one androgen receptor signalling modulator as described above, to warm-blooded animal, such as a human for the treatment of cancer. The invention also relates to a kit comprising such combinations.
CA2857374A1	Camkii, ip3r, calcineurin, p38 and mk2/3 inhibitors to treat metabolic disturbances of obesity	The present invention relates to methods of treating or preventing a metabolic disorder in a subject, methods of treating or preventing coronorary artery disease in a subject with a metabolic disorder, as well as methods of reducing hepatic glucose production in a subject. Such methods include, but are not limited to, the administration to the subject of inhibitors of CaMKII, IP3Rs, calcineurin, p38, MK2/3, or any combination thereof. The invention also provides methods of identifying a compound that inhibits the activity of CaMKII, IP3Rs, calcineurin, p38, or MK2/3, or reduces the activity and/or activation of CaMKII, IP3Rs, calcineurin, p38, or MK2/3.
CN100998559A	Submicroemulsion injection containing polyene paclitaxel and its preparing method	A sub-microemulsion injection of polyene taxol with a certain target performance and low poison is prepared from polyene taxol, the oil for injection, emulsifier, stabilizer, isotonic regulator, pH regulator, and emulsifying aid. Its preparing process is also disclosed.
CN101002764A	Antineoplastic chemotherapy medicine composition, and its application	An antineoplastic medicinal composition used to prepare the medicines for treating breast cancer and leukemia contains the epigallocatechin gallate and mitoxantrone in weight ratio of (1-2000): (1-5).
CN101003509A	New pharmic acceptable salt of pyritinol, and preparation method	This invention relates to new pharmaceutically acceptable salts and solvates of pyritinol, drug composition containing them, and their application in treating diseases. This invention also provides a method for preparing them. The salts and solvates of pyritinol can be used as an alternative for commercialized hydrochloride drug. The salts and solvates of pyritinol have such advantages as high stability, high solubility, little stimulation and high safety, and can satisfy clinical requirements.
CN101003539A	Trometamol salt in compound of cillin category, and preparation method	This invention discloses trometamol salts of cillin compounds, or their hydrates that can be used to treat bacillosis. As hown in formula 1, the salts comprise trometamol salts of azlocillin, amoxicillin, ampicillin, oxazacillin, furbucillin, cloxacillin, mezlocillin, mecillinam, piperacillin, ticarcillin, floxacillin, hetacillin, cloxacillin and penicillin. This invention provides drug compositions with the salts shown in formula 1 as the active components, and their application in drugs for treating bacillosis.
CN101006984B	An injection preparation containing salvianolic acid A and extract of panax natoginseng, and its preparation method and application	The invention discloses a salvianolic acid A and notoginseng extract preparation for injection, its preparing process and use thereof, characterized in that the preparation comprises salvianolic acidA and Notoginsen triterpenes by a weight ratio of 1:1-10, preferably 1:3, the weight ratio of salvianolic acid A and notoginseng panaxadiol saponin is 1:1-5, the weight ratio of salvianolic acid A andnotoginseng panaxadiol saponin Rb1 is 1:0.5-5. The preparation has good pharmaceutical actions.
CN101006995A	Application of isosteviol in pharmacy	The invention disclosed the application of isosteviol in medicine preparing process. The application refers to its application in preparing drugs for regulating blood fat and in preparing anti-atherogenic agent. The application shows that isosteviol can be used as new lipid regulating agent and antiatherogenic agent which is of positive significance for preventing coronary atherosclerotic heart disease and stroke.
CN101006998A	Taxol drug supported by polymer nanoparticles and its preparation method	The invention relates to a kind of paclitaxel medicine which is loaded on the high molecule nanometer microballoons. It's the lotion or freeze dried powder of paclitaxel medicine which is loaded on the bio-degradable nanometer microballons the diameter of which is less than 800nm. The medicine in the invention has the characteristic of more carried medicine (more than 50%) and high carrying effects (larger than 85%) as well as good stability. The diameter of the microballon in the invention is about 200nm, it needs no other stabilizer and it is suitable to intravenous injection with obvious slow-release effect; the product in the invention has similar vitro antineoplasmic activity, the antitumous effect is also enforced. The preparing method of the medicine is disclosed in the invention.
CN101007165A	A compound preparation for treating respiratory tract infection and its preparation method	The invention relates to a compound preparation for treating respiratory tract infection, which mainly comprises (by weight portions) amoxicillin 100-1250, mannosan peptide 1-30. The amoxicillin can be trihydrate of amoxicillin, waterless amoxicillin or the alkali metal salt of amoxicillin. The invention also provides a process for preparing the compound preparation.
CN101011370A	Pharmaceutical preparation of alpha-ketoglutaric acid composition, its preparation process and use	The invention discloses the process for preparing pharmaceutical preparation of alpha-ketoglutaric acid composition and the use thereof, wherein the pharmaceutical preparation comprises alpha-ketoglutaric acid, organic base and right amount of medicinal adjuvant. The preparation has substantial pharmacological actions for treating immunity liver damage, chemical liver damage and alcoholic liver damage.
CN101011380A	Use of taspine for preparing medicament for inhibiting tumor angiogenesis	The invention relates to a method for using tasepi alkali to prepare the drug that restrains the growth of tumor vessel, which provides the method for building chicken blast allantois membrane non-small-cell lung cancer A549 tumor transplant cancer model. The invention uses said test model, ELISA, immunity protein label, and Real Time RCR test method to research the effects of tasepi alkali on the CAM vessel structure, the growth of tumor, the shape change and the fresh vessel distribution of tumor, the protein expression of VEGF and bFGF, the gene expressions of VEGF acceptors as flt-1 and flk-1/KDR, the protein expressions of AKT and Erk1/2, and the phosphorylation level, to prove the function of tasepi alkali for restraining the growth of tumor vessel.
CN101011513A	Pharmaceutical composition for treating bone fracture and its preparation	The invention discloses a pharmaceutical composition for treating bone fracture and its preparing process, wherein the composition comprises the following main ingredients and pharmaceutically acceptable auxiliary materials: strychnine 0.1-2 parts, Shangdening 0.1-4 parts, native copper 10-90 parts, dragon's blood resin 5-50 parts. The preparing process comprises steps of disintegrating main constituents into powders, charging crystalline cellulose, starch and cyclodextrin, mixing 5-30 minutes, making soft material with 50-95% ethanol, passing through 10-24 mesh sieve, drying 3 hours at 35-80 deg. C, 10-30 mesh granulating, charging miropowdered silica gel, and magnesium stearate and talcum powder, mixing to obtain capsules.
CN101015543A	Use of cinnamic acid and allyl benzoate compound with oxidation resistance function for protecting liver and brain damage	This invention relates to an application of cinnamic acid styracine type curcumin analogs in resisting oxidation, and protecting liver and preventing brain damage. it has been found by test that the compound has effects in protecting liver cells of suckling mouse from damage, promoting liver cells repair, scavenging superoxide anion and DPPH in vitro, inhibiting the generating activity of lipid peroxide, protecting pheochromocytoma cell simulating cranial nerve from damaging, and chelating iron ion. Thus it is can be expected to be used for preparing medicine for preventing and treating chronic or acute liver or brain damage diseases, apoplexy, sequelae of apoplexy, Parkinson's disease, senile dementia, inflammation, autoimmune disease, tumour, myocardial ischemia, cardiac hypertrophy, senility, allergic response, and atherosclerosis.
CN101019843A	Application of hypericin in preventing and treating swine PC and PRRS	The present invention is the application of hypericin in preventing and treating swine PC and PRRS, and relates to veterinary medicine technology. Up to now, there are no commercial vaccine and medicine for preventing and treating swine PC and PRRS. Research shows that hypericin in the effective dosage of 10-40 mcg/ml can kill PC and PRRS virus directly, and hypericin in the effective dosage of 0.005-0.009 g/kg swine weight is used in preventing and treating swine PC and PRRS. The present invention has obvious effect and simple preparation process.
CN101019856A	Allonic acid compound possessing antitumor activity and its prepn process, prepn and use	The present invention relates to allonic acid compound possessing antitumor activity and its preparation process, preparation and use. Allonic acid is made to react with alkaline antiviral medicine, antitumor compound or other alkaline compound in water or organic solvent to form compound and clathrate, which may be further prepared into different pharmaceutically acceptable forms. The allonic acid compound is superior to garcinolic acid compound, and has high water solubility, high stability, high treating effect on liver cancer, intestinal cancer, lung cancer and other tumors, and less irritation and toxicity.
CN101019870A	New use of sarsasapogenin in medicine for preventing and treating depression	The present invention provides the new use of sarsasapogenin in medicine for preventing and treating depression. Sarsasapogenin has less toxicity, and obvious effect of remitting hypoomnesia, immune degradation, etc caused by depression. The medicine for preventing and treating depression is prepared with sarsasapogenin or its pharmaceutically acceptable salt, ester, glycoside, etc. and may be used in preventing and treating depression, including endogenous depression, reactive depression, masked depression, etc. It may be also used for mammal.
CN101019895B	Health product for reducing blood sugar and its prepn	The present invention relates to health product, and is especially one kind of health product for reducing blood sugar and its preparation process. The health product is prepared with 14 kinds of material, including chitin amine, tea polyphenol, taurine, spirulina, pollen, etc in certain weight proportion. The preparation process includes mixing the materials, pelletizing, drying, crushing, encapsulating and other steps. The health product has the health functions of resisting oxidation, eliminating lipid peroxide, activating and repairing beta cell, etc.
CN101020059B	Medicine composition containing docetaxel matter and its preparation process	The present invention relates to medicine composition containing docetaxel matter suitable for injection and its preparation process. The medicine composition has docetaxel or its salt or hydrate as the active component, and cyclodextrin and amino acid as complex solubilizing agent. The injection of the medicine composition of the present invention has high stability, less toxic side effect and other advantages.
CN101020705A	Helicid-Mannich alkali medicine with transquilizing activity and its prepn process	The present invention discloses Helicid derivatives capable of improving function of central nervous system and their preparation process. The said compounds have effects of tranquilizing, sopiting and antagonizing convulsion. They have the chemical expression as shown. The Helicid derivatives are prepared with active plant monomer Helicid with activity of tranquilizing, sopiting and antagonizing convulsion as the mother compound and through structural modification, and have high activity of improving function of central nervous system.
CN101024055A	Method for preparing sporo-toxin-bacteria liver-protection vaccine for domestic animal, fowl and aquatic animals	The present invention discloses a preparation method of sporotoxin liver-protecting vaccine for livestock, poultry and aquatic animal. Said preparation method includes the following steps: mixing hypericin, astragalus root, pig's gallbladder, licorice, sihuanglian, isatis root and lesser galangal root according to a certain mixing ratio, cooking, condensing the evaporated gas and drying to obtain powder, using ethyl alcohol solution whose concentration is 80%-90% to make extraction, adding cane sugar, water and anhydrous ethyl alcohole, mixing the above-mentioned materials with vitamin, stirring them so as to obtain the invented product.
CN101027059B	Combination comprising ZD6474 and imatinib and pharmaceutical uses thereof	The present invention relates to a method for the production of an antiangiogenic and/or vascular permeability reducing effect in a warm-blooded animal such as a human which is optionally being treated with ionising radiation, particularly a method for the treatment of a cancer, particularly a cancer involving a solid tumour or a leukaemia, which comprises the administration of ZD6474 in combination with imatinib; to a pharmaceutical composition comprising ZD6474 and imatinib; to a combination product comprising ZD6474 and imatinib for use in a method of treatment of a human or animal body bytherapy; to a kit comprising ZD6474 and imatinib; to the use of ZD6474 and imatinib in the manufacture of a medicament for use in the production of an antiangiogenic and/or vascular permeability reducing effect in a warm-blooded animal such as a human which is optionally being treated with ionising radiation.
CN101028381A	Ointment for treating burn and scald	An ointment for treating burn and scald is prepared from calcite (90-95 Wt. Portions), borneol (2.5-5) and tea oil (2.5-5).
CN101028417A	Domestic fungus oral liquid	An oral liquid of edible fungus for improving immunity and losing weight is prepared from champignon, tremella, aloe, haw, lotus leaf, granular white sugar, levocarnitine, and CMC through respectively extracting, concentrating, proportional mixing, pouring in containers and sterilizing.
CN101028454A	Externally-applied bone-set plaster and its production	An exterior-applied plaster for setting up bone is prepared from 8 Chinese-medicinal materials including Dragon's blood, frankincense, myrrh, sea-horse, etc through respective baking, grinding, proportional mixing, stirring, adding the mixture in boiling rice vinegar, and decocting until it becomes paste.
CN101032469A	Clindamycin phosphate bubble agent and preparing method	The present invention is clindamycin phosphate foam agent and its preparation process. The process of preparing clindamycin phosphate foam agent includes the steps of: dissolving clindamycin phosphate in water; adding span-80, sodium dodecyl sulfate, glycerin, etc via homogeneous mixing; adding distilled water via stirring and regulating pH value; filling the mixture into container, setting in emulsion pump and pressing the emulsion pump manually to generate foam, or adding propellant to generate foam. The foam agent makes its medicine distributed inside vagina or on the surface of skin to take action fast. The foam agent has fast and high treating effect, high safety and use convenience, and is one good medicine for treating gynecologic diseases.
CN101032473B	Sandwich type medical releasing film and preparing method thereof	The present invention is sandwich type slow released medicine membrane and its preparation process, and belongs to the field of biomedicine technology. The sandwich type slow released medicine membrane in three-layer structure consists of probucol 4.5-22.1 wt%, ethyl cellulose 73.5-90.1 wt%, and plasticizer 4.4-4.5 wt%. The preparation process is simple, and the prepared sandwich type slow released medicine membrane is transparent, soft, high in mechanical strength and smooth in medicine releasing rate. The sandwich type slow released medicine membrane may realize delay releasing in controllable delay time.
CN101032496A	Stabled desogestrel medical combination and the preparing method	The present invention provides one kind of stable medicine composition containing desogestrel and its preparation process. Desogestrel in the medicine composition is dispersed mainly in dispersing solid medium including medicinal acrylate to form solid medicinal dispersoid so as to avoid medicine loss caused by sublimation of desogestrel. The key points of the present invention include the selection of dispersing solid medium and the optimizing of the dispersing solid medium amount relatively to the desogestrel amount. The stable medicine composition has less sublimation of desogestrel and no loss of desogestrel in the storage period of the medicine.
CN101036651A	Naloxone hydrochloride spraying agent for mouth and nose	The invention discloses a naloxone hydrochloride spraying agent for oral or nasal cavity, which is prepared by naloxone hydrochloride, naloxone free alkali or the other naloxone acceptable in medicine having a ratio by weight of 1:2.5~10 with pharmaceutic edjuvant based on general spraying agent preparation process. Active ingredient of the naloxone hydrochloride spraying agent for oral or nasal cavity in the invention can directly participate intracorporeal circulation after absorbed by capillary tube under oral or nasal mucosa of a patient, thus has advantages of fast absorption and high bioavailability, without stimulating to the oral or nasal mucosa. In particular, the drugs of the invention can be taken with no requirement of use situation, so that it is convenient for using which dosage is controllable and has little side effect.
CN101036660A	Estrogen gelatin medicine and the method for preparing the same	The invention relates to a estrogen gel drug and a method for preparing the same. The estrogen gel drug is formed by materials of estradiol, alcohol, propanediol, azone laurocapram, carbomer, water, trolamine, etc., via a determined simple process with low cost. The invention provides a special drug having good curative effect, high bioavailability, less side reaction, high safety, convenience for using and low cost, for patient with low level of estrin.
CN101036722A	Health-caring food for easing and improving climacteric Syndrome of men and the preparation thereof	The invention relates to a male health food, in particular relates to a health food for alleviating fatigue and improving male climacteric syndrome, and a method for preparing the same. Based on weight ratio, the health food comprises the following materails as active ingredients of: 500-700 American ginseng, 450-650 herba epimedii, 350-450 fructus lycii, 450-600 puncturevine, 300-460 dodder seed, 350-450 raspberry , 270-370 semen cassiae, 20-80 radix puerariae, and 5-35 vitamin e. The invention is pure natural preparation which has three functions of activating gonad, nourishing testis, and powering blood. It is simple and convenient for taking the health food, safely and effectively, without toxic and side effect, thereby, the fatigue and the male climacteric syndrome are ultimately prevented, treated and improved from interior to exterior, and uneasiness and pain of the male are reduced.
CN101040862A	Application of gastrodin in the medicine for treating rheumatoid arthritis	The invention relates to an application of gastrodine for preparing the drug on atrophic arthritis, wherein gastrodine can resist atrophic arthritis via ease pain and antiphlogistic function. And the animal test has proved the effect of gastrodine injection in ease pain and antiphlogistic reaction, to be used as drug on atrophic arthritis of human or animal. The inventive drug has better treatment effect and low side effect. And the inventive drug (as gastrodine injection, amylaceum or natrium chloratum injection) can be injected into muscle or vein, or orally taken.
CN101040905B	Medicine made by selfheal for reducing blood sugar	The invention discloses a hypoglycemic agent prepared from prunella spike, wherein the content of prunella spike triterpenic acid is not less than 50%. The prunella spike triterpenic acid is prepared by using natural Chinese drug prunella spike rough powder as initial material, to be immerged in alcohol, heated and refluxed, dried at acid condition and extracted repeatedly via organic solvent, toobtain the prunella spike triterpenic acid extractive, which is mixed with carrier or shaping agent into drug or other hypoglycemic agents into composite agent. The inventive composite agent formed by the effective part of hypoglycemic agent and other hypoglycemic agents has simple components, easy operation, low side effect, and the support on drug quality control and batch production.
CN101041652B	Separating purified new bisflavone compound from dragon's blood and preparation method thereof	The invention discloses a making method of separated and purified new bis-flavonoid from dragon's blood, which is characterized by the following: adopting dragon's blood as raw material; extracting through ligarine, acetone, acetic ester solvent sequently; separating and recrystallizing the acetic ester solvent extract through silica gel column or rapid silica gel column to chromatograph; obtaining the product named 8-(3-(4-hydroxy-2-methoxybenzene)-1-(4-hydroxy benzene) propyl )-2-(4-hydroxy phenyl )-7-methoxy -4H-benzopyranyl -4-ketone to inhibit alpha-glucosidase acitivty and reduce blood sugar.
CN101045048B	Application of chondriosome nutrient composition	An application of the composition composed of R-thioctan or its physiologically acceptable salt and one or more mitochondrial nutrients chosen from acetylcarnitine, VE, coenzyme Q10, niacin, and their physiologically acceptable salts in preparing the medicines or food additives for preventing, relaxing and treating diabetes, insuline resistance and cell mitochondrion metabolism disorder is disclosed. Said composition is also disclosed.
CN101045732A	Cefosulfoether double salt preparation method and application	Cefathiamidine has antibacterial activity to Gram-positive bacteria and part negative bacterium. This invention relates to a new style cefathiamidine double salt, said double salt formed by cefathiamidine and strong acid weak base salt. Beacuse of basic activity structure not change, this double salt has same antibacterial activity as cefathiamidine to Gram-positive bacteria and part negative bacterium. This invention can effectively hold ionic equilibrium of cefathiamidine, thereby increase stability of cefathiamidine, and advance purity of cefathiamidine.
CN101049301A	Pharmaceutical preparation of biflavone compound for anti gout	A bisflavone medicine for preventing and treating gout, preventing the xanthine and hypoxanthine from being oxidized to become uric acid, and relaxing the hyperuricemia and its secondary diseases is prepared from one or more of bisflavone compounds and the auxiliaries.
CN101053553B	Biodegradable fluorourcacil polyester medicine-carried nanospheres and its preparation method	The invention relates to biodegradable fluorouracil(Fu) polyester drug-bearing manoparticles with a coating material of polylactic acid, polylactic acid-glycolic acid, polylactic acid-polyethylene glycol block copolymer or polylactic acid-glycolic acid-polyethylene glycol block copolymer and the producing method including: firstly, fully dissolving the copolymer in the dichloromethane, under the ultrasonic shock, injecting the fluorouracil NaOH solution in the dichloromethane solution, dispersing uniformly, forming W/O primary latex, and beating up the primary latex and injecting into the fluorouracil saturated water solution containing 5 wt% of polyvinylalcohol (PVA), and storing in the refrigeratory after freeze-dry. The drug-bearing manoparticle has a drug content which is 10-25% of the microparticle mass, and has a smooth surface, an even diameter distribution, a remarkable slow release function and not adhesive. The micropartical size is 100-1000nm.
CN101058578A	Dextrorotation deoxidization tylophorinine, preparation method thereof, pharmaceutical composition and use thereof	The invention discloses a making method of (+)-13a-deoxytylophorine with structure as formula (I), which contains drug composition and application as tumour-proof drug.
CN101062030A	Method of preparing silybin frozen powder injection	The invention discloses a preparing method of Silybum marianum freeze dry powder needle, which comprises the following steps: adding 10-20 double alcohol or methanol into the mixture of Silybum marianum unit with mole ratio at 1 wt and glu-methylamine with mole ratio at 1-3 wt; hot-refluxing; dissolving completely; evaporating the dissolvent to dryness; dissolving to proper water; producing water solution with 2. 5-25 milligram Silybum marianum unit per milliliter; adjusting pH value; filtering; split-charging filter liquor; cooling; drying; getting the product. This invention increases curative effect of the Silybum marianum unit.
CN101062087A	Capsule for treating gout	The invention relates to pharmaceutical capsules for treating gout which comprises the following raw materials (by weight portion): leech 40-60 parts, frank incense 10-20 parts, myrrh 10-20 parts, notoginseng 4-8 parts, large-leaf gentian root 5-10 parts, tetrandra root 5-10 parts, borneol 0. 5-1. 5 parts.
CN101066980A	Crystalline tenofovir fumarate and its medicine prepn	The present invention provides crystalline tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF) A and TDF B in different crystal forms and their preparation process. The preparations may be used in preventing and treating hepatitis B and AIDS.
CN101074252B	11,20-cyclic carbonate-azithromycin 4-phenproester derivative, its production and medicinal composition	A compound with general formula (I), accepted additional salts of inorganic and organic acid medicines, its production, medicinal composition and usage are disclosed. It belongs to azithromycin pentadecenic macrolide derivative, R1 represents hydrogen or acetyl or methane; R2 represents fatty hydrocarbon, substituted aromatic fatty hydrocarbon or substituted aromatic heterocyclic fatty hydrocarbon. It can be used to prepare medicines in treatment of bacterial infections.
CN101077348A	Amoxicillin-clavulantes sustained release tablets	The present invention discloses one kind of slow releasing amoxicillin/clavulanate tablet. The main medicine materials amoxicillin and clavulanate in certain ratio are added with slow releasing skeleton material to prepare solid dispersed preparation with slow release of the medicine components to maintain effective medicine concentration in blood and effect in long term. The medicine of the present invention has decreased taking time number, raised patient' s compliance, reduced blood medicine concentration peak-valley, raised safety, high bioavailability and other features.
CN101081816A	Novel O-demethylated-venlafaxine tartrate	The present invention provides one new salt of O-demethyl-venlafaxine, O-demethyl-venlafaxine tartrate, and its medicine composition.
CN101084879A	Method for preparing fotemustine freezing-dried powder injection for injection	The invention relates to a preparation method of fotemustine freeze-dried injection which comprises weighing required fotemustine, adding solvent such as ethanol, acetonitrile or tetrahydrofuran solution or their mixed liquor, stirring to dissolve the basic medicine, preparing into fotemustine solution in required concentration, subpackaging in brown silin bottle, freeze drying at low temperature for 30-50 h, and sealing. The advantages of the invention are low facility request for freeze-dry and reduced energy consumption.
CN101085075A	Ointment for treating burn and scald and preparation method thereof	The invention relates to a plaster for treating burns and scalds characterized by that, the plaster comprises the constituents of (by weight ratio): Chinese angelica root 10-20 parts, garden burnet root 10-22 parts, rhizome of Sichuan lovage 10-22 parts, alkanna tinctoria 10-20 parts, coptis root 10-22 parts, borneol 4-8 parts, yellow wax 18-28 parts and sesame seed 400-800 parts.
CN101085355A	5-flucytosine/hydrotalcite-like nano hybrid compound and preparation method thereof	A nano-hybrid of 5-fluctyosine (5-FC) and hydrotalcite-like compounds (HTlc) belongs to technology field of new material and pharmaceutical preparation.5-FC/HTlc nanohybrid is synthesized by mixed salt solution of divalent metal ion trivalent metal ion and 5-fluctyosine alkali solution throug coprecipitation method, and has a chemical constitution general formula of [MII(1-x)MIIIx(OH)2](An-)a(5-FC-)b.nH2O.The inventive 5-FC/HTlc nanohybrid has simple and easy synthetic method, large drug loading dosage, certain sustained release effect compared with raw material of 5-FC, and important significance for clinical application of 5-FC.
