CA2263798C	G-coupled receptor showing selective affinity for atp	The present invention concerns a G-coupled receptor which has an amino acid sequence having more than 50 % homology with the amino acid sequence shown in Figure 1.
CA2582262A1	Medium-chain length fatty alcohols as stimulators of hematopoiesis	Medium-chain length fatty alcohols such as octanol, decanol, dodecanol, or analogues thereof can be used as a stimulator of hematopoiesis, hematopoietic stem cell proliferation, and/or proliferation of one or more of the progenitors of red or white blood cells (e.g., erythrocyte, leukocyte, neutrophil, granulocyte, megakaryocyte, or any combination thereof)- It also relates to the treatment of myelosuppression; in particular, this includes the treatment of anemia and/or neutropenia associated with chemotherapy and/or radiotherapy. Moreover, anemia arising from chronic renal failure or treatment of HIV-infected patients with AZT (zidovudine), or other inhibitors of reverse transcriptase, can be treated. Furthermore, neutropenia arising from infections, hematologic diseases, or nutritional deficiencies can be treated. It also relates to reducing drug toxicity and enhancing drug efficiency.
CA2856102A1	Tetrahydrocannabivarin (thcv) for use in the protection of pancreatic islet cells	The present invention relates to the phytocannabinoid tetrahydrocannabivarin (THCV) for use in the protection of pancreatic islet cells. Preferably the pancreatic islet cells to be protected are beta cells. More preferably the protection of the pancreatic islet cells maintains insulin production at levels which are able to substantially control or improve control of blood glucose levels in a patient.
CN100998603A	Liquid vitamic C compounded nanometer elementary selenium its preparation method and storage method	A liquid-phase nano-Se containing VC used as a bioactive health-care product stored in liquid phase is prepared through dropping the solution of selenium oxide or selenite into VC solution while stirring until the red color is not changed. It can be used to prepare medicines.
CN101007811A	Organic amine salt of cephalosporin compound and its preparation method	The invention relates to the organic amine salt or hydrate for ceph compound used for treating bacteria infection, and the chemical formula is demonstrated in (I).Said organic amine can be lycine, arginine, tert-butylamine, diethanolamine, triethanolamine, diethylamine or meglumine. It comprises cefuroxime organic amine salt, ceftriaxone organic amine salt, ceftezole organic amine salt, cefoperazone organic amine salt, cephalothin organic amine salt, cefotaxime organic amine salt, cefradine organic amine salt, cefonicid organic amine salt, cefmetazole organic amine salt, cefodizime organic amine salt, cefmenoxime organic amine salt, ceftizoxime organic amine salt, cefpiramide organic amine salt, cefazolin organic amine salt, cefoxitinorganic amine salt and flomoxef organic amine salr. The invention provides the medical compound taking compound in formula (I) as active element and its application to preparation of medicine for treating bacteria infection.
CN101092433A	Cis [( trans 1R, 2R 1,2 cyclohexane diamine) .(beta ¿C phenyl isosuccinic acid radical) platinum (ó )] complexes, and usage as anticancer medicine	This invention relates to a novel Pt complex, cis-[(trans-1R,2R-1,2-cyclohexane diamine).(beta-phenyl isosuccinic acid)Pt(II)]. The method comprises: reacting K2PtCl4 and KI to obtain K2PtI4, reacting with carrying group A2 (trans-1R, 2R-1, 2-cyclohexane diamine) to obtain cis-[Pt (II) A2I2] intermediate, quatitatively reacting with AgNO3, filtering to separate AgI, adding disodium beta-phenyl isosuccinate into the mother liquor to precipitate the Pt complex, and recrystallizing in a system of water and DMSO (1:1) to obtain the pure product. The Pt complex has such advantages as high anticancer activity, high stability and easy preparation, and can be used for treating cancers. The IC50 of the Pt complex is obviously lower than that of cisplatin, carboplatin and any other complex of the same kind.
