CA2100514C	17-spiromethylene steroids	The invention relates to a steroid derivative which steroidal skeleton is bound at carbon atom 17 to a spiromethylene ring of the formula: <See formula I> wherein R a and R b are independently selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, methyl, and halogen; m is 1 or 2; and the asterisk denotes carbon atom 2 of the spiromethylene ring which is carbon atom 17 (or carbon atom 17.alpha. of a homosteroid skeleton) of the steroid. The steroids have progestational or antiprogestational activity.
CA2102780C	Bis mono-and bicyclic aryl and heteroaryl compounds which inhibit egf and/or pdgf receptor tyrosine kinase	This invention relates to bis mono- and/or bicyclic aryl and/or heteroaryl compounds exhibiting protein tyrosine kinase inhibition activity. More specifically, it relates to the method of inhibiting abnormal cell proliferation in a patient suffering from a disorder characterized by such proliferation comprising the administration thereto of an EGF and/or PDGF receptor inhibiting effective amount of said bis mono- and/or bicyclic aryl and/or heteroaryl compound and to the preparation of said compounds and their use in pharmaceutical compositions used in this method.
CA2104399C	Antiviral activity and resolution of 2-hydroxymethyl-5-(5-fluorocytosin-1-yl)-1,3-oxathiolane	A method and composition for the treatment of HIV and HBV infections in humans is disclosed that includes administering an effective amount of 2-hydroxymethyl-5-(5-fluorocytosin-1-yl)-1.3-oxathiolane, a pharmaceutically acceptable derivative thereof, including a 5' or N4 alkylated or acylated derivative, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, in a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier. A process for the resolution of a racemic mixture of nucleoside enantiomers is also disclosed that includes the step of exposing the racemic mixture to an enzyme that preferentially catalyzes a reaction in one of the enantiomers.
CA2106642C	Carbazolone derivatives and process for preparing the same	The invention relates to carbazolone derivatives of the formula   wherein A represents a group of formula   wherein R represents a hydroxyl or 2-methyl-1H-imidazol-1-yl group;     B represents a group of formula   wherein R1 represents hydrogen or a methyl or ethyl group; or A and B together form a group of formula   wherein R2 means a methyl or ethyl group; or A and B together form a group of formula   The above compounds are useful intermediates in the: syn-thesis of ondansetron of formula   chemically 9-methyl-3-[(2-methyl-1H-imidazol-1-yl)methyl]--1,2,3,9-tetrahydro-4H-carbazol-4-one.     The invention further relates to a novel process for the preparation of compounds of the formula (I), wherein A and Bare the same as in formula (I) but B may be also hydrogen.     Thus, this novel process is suitable for the preparation of ondansetron itself.
CA2106819C	Oligoribonucleotide and ribozyme analogs with terminal 3'-3' and/or 5'-5' linkages	The invention relates to oligoribonucleotide analogs with terminal 3'-3' and/or 5'-5' internucleotide linkages.     This modification stabilizes the molecules altered in this way, including ribozymes, without adversely altering their properties, including, where appropriate, catalytic activities.
CA2120743C	Antiviral acyclic phosphonomethoxyalkyl substituted, alkenyl and alkynyl purine and pyrimidine derivatives	Disclosed are acyclic phosphonomethoxyalkyl substituted, alkenyl and alkynyl purine and pyrimidine derivatives and a pharmaceutical composition comprising said purine and pyrimidine derivatives. The compounds are useful in the treatment of viral infections, especially those caused by human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).
CA2142445C	Injection solutions of azosemide which are ready for injection	Aqueous injection solution that is ready-for-injection of a water-soluble, physiologically well-tolerated azosemide salt of an organic amide, which contains an organic solvent and if desired, a physiologically well-tolerated buffer and it concerns a process for the production of such an injection solution in which the salt is dissolved in a mixture which contains water, an organic solvent and, if desired, a physiologically well-tolerated buffer.
CA2143752C	Method of preventing nmda receptor-mediated neuronal damage	Disclosed is a method for reducing non-ischemic NMDA receptor-mediated neuronal damage in a mammal by administering to the mammal a compound of the formula shown in Fig. 1 (or a physiologically-acceptable salt thereof), wherein R1 includes an amino group, R2-R17 are independently H or a short chain aliphatic group comprising 1-5 carbons, and R4 and R10 also may (independently) be a halogen or an acyl group. Also disclosed is a screen for antagonists of NMDA receptor mediated neurotoxicity which have an enhanced prospect for being clinically tolerated and selective against such neurotoxicity.
CA2151377C	Aminomethylindans, -benzofurans and -benzothiophenes	Compound having general formula (I) wherein one of X and Y is CH2 and the other one is CH2, O or S; R1 is an aliphatic hydrocarbon group, arylalkyl, aryl, a sulphonyl group, a carbonate group or R11R12NCO- where R11 and R12 are selected form hydrogen and a hydrocarbon group; R2 is hydrogen or a hydrocarbon group; R3-R5 an independently selected from hydrogen, halogen, alkyl, alkoxy, alkylthio, hydroxy, alkylsulphonyl, cyano, trifluoromethyl, cycloalkyl, cycloalkylalkyl or nitro; R6 and R7 are each hydrogen or lower alkyl or they are linked together to constitute a carbocyclic ring; R8 and R9 are independently hydrogen, a hydrocarbon group or a group 1a wherein R13 is hydrogen, or a hydrocarbon group, W is O or S, and r is 2-6; R8 and R9 are linked together thereby forming alkylene group;have effect at central 5-HT1A receptors and are useful in the treatment of psychosis, anxiety disorders, depression, impulse control disorders, alcohol abuse, aggression, ischaemic diseases, side effects induced by conventional antipsychotic agents or cardiovascular disorders.
CA2154601C	Formulations containing coumarins and the use thereof in the pharmaceutical and cosmetic fields	The present invention relates to the use of coumarins such as esculoside, esculetin, extracts containing them and mixtures thereof, in combination with dimeric and oligomeric proanthocyanidins, in topical formulations for the treatment of peripheral vasculopathies, including the complications of acute venous stasis, or of the unesthetisms related to capillary alterations, or to improve the cicatrization processes. These coumarins, alone or in combination with proanthocyanidins, are also useful in atopical dermatitis and in the treatment of the haematomas.
CA2161857C	Oxazolidinone derivatives as adhesion receptor antagonists	Compounds of the formula I (see formula I) wherein R1, R2 and R3 have the meanings indicated, and also their physiologically acceptable salts, inhibit the binding of fibrinogen to the corresponding receptor and can be employed for the treatment of thromboses, osteoporoses, oncoses, apoplexy, cardiac infarct, ischaemias, inflammations, arteriosclerosis and osteolytic disorders.
CA2163175C	Anti-viral aromatic o-alkylated oximes, ethers and thioethers	Compounds of the formula (see formula I) wherein Q is (see formula II) or -XR' ; X is oxygen or sulphur;  R1 is hydrogen, halogen, C1-C4 alkyl or C1-C4 alkoxy; R2 is hydrogen, halogen, C1-C4 alkyl, C1-C4 alkoxy, C3-C4 alkenyloxy, C3-C4 alkynyloxy, mono-, di- or tri-halomethyl, trifuluoromethoxy, C1-C4 alkylthio, C3-C4 branched alkylthio, nitro, or cyano;  R3 is hydrogen or C1-C4 alkyl;  R 4 is C3-C6 alkenyl, C3-C6 alkynyl, C1-C8 haloalkyl, C1-C8 alkoxyalkyl, C1-C8 alkylthioalkyl, C1-C8 hydroxyalkyl, C1-C8 acyloxyalkyl, C1-C8 aroyloxyalkyl, C1-C8 carboxyalkyl, C1-C8 alkylcarboxyalkyl, C6-C12 arylcarboxyalkyl, C1-C8 aminoalkyl, C1-C8 alkylaminoalkyl, C1-C8 dialkylaminoalkyl, C1-C8 trialkylsilylalkyl, wherein each of the aforementioned alkyl moieties may be straight-chain or branched; C3-C8 cycloalkyl, C1-C6 alkylphenyl, C7-C12 arylalkyl, C7-C12 alkarylalkyl, or heterocyclylalkyl, wherein the heterocyclic moiety is morpholinyl, piperidinyl, pyrrolidinyl, piperazinyl, oxiranyl, oxetanyl, furanyl, tetrahydropyranyl or tetrahydrofuranyl;  R' is C1-C8 haloalkyl, C1-C8 alkoxyalkyl, C1-C8 alkylthioalkyl, C1-C8 hydroxyalkyl, C1-C8 acyloxyalkyl, C1-C8 aroyloxyalkyl, C1-C8 aminoalkyl, C1-C8 alkylaminoalkyl, C1-C8 dialkylaminoalkyl, C1-C8 trialkylsilylalkyl, wherein each of the aforementioned alkyl moieties may be straight-chain or branched; C1-C6 alkylphenyl, C7-C12 arylalkyl, C7-C12 alkarylalkyl, or heterocyclylalkyl, wherein the heterocyclic moiety is morpholinyl, piperidinyl, pyrrolidinyl, piperazinyl, oxiranyl, oxetanyl, furanyl, tetrahydropyranyl or tetrahydrofuranyl;  R5 is hydrogen, halo, methyl, mono-, di- or tri-halomethyl; and R6 is an aliphatic or cyclic side chain as defined herein.  These compounds are useful for inhibiting the growth or replication of retroviruses such as HIV.
CA2168921C	1,6-naphthyridonecarboxylic acid derivatives	The invention relates to novel 1,6-naphthyridonecarboxylic acid derivatives, to processes for their preparation, to antibacterial compositions and feed additives in which they are present, and to novel intermediates for the preparation of these active compounds.     The novel compounds are useful as antibacterial agents and have the structure:(see formula I) wherein R1, R2, X1 and Z are as defined in the description and claims.
CA2169831C	Cosmetic melanins	Synthetic melanins suitable for cosmetic uses are produced through oxidative polymerization of monomeric precursors that possess aromatic rings with ionizeable side groups. Agents that enhance adherence of the melanins to skin and hair are co-polymerized with the precursors to become part of the melanin molecules. Potential new precursors and adherence-enhancing agents are screened for efficacy by subjecting them to six separate synthetic procedures, and testing the resulting melanins for color, ultraviolet absorbance charcteristics, and substantivity (adherence) to skin and hair. Melanins of different colors can be blended together in cosmetic creams and lotions to complement the natural skin, eye, and hair colors of an individual. The synthetic procedures are amendable to industrial-scale production of cosmetic melanins. The materials reduce the incidence of solar damage to the skin.
CA2171614C	Pharmaceutical composition containing sialic acid derivatives	The present invention is a pharmaceutical composition used as an antiviral agent, a diarrheal remedy, an anti-ulcer agent, an anti-inflammatory agent, an anti-allergic agent and an agent for promoting the proliferation of Bifidobacteria, characterized by containing a sialic acid derivative as an active ingredient.  The method for producing a sialic acid derivative of the present invention is characterized in that an almond or apricot seed is added to an avian egg yolk, by which the desired product can easily be obtained in a high yield.
CA2173116C	Ring-expanded nucleosides and nucleotides	The present invention relates to compositions comprising analogues of purine nucleosides containing a ring-expanded ("fat") heterocyclic ring, in place of purine, and an unmodified or modified sugar residue, pharmaceutically acceptable derivatives of such compositions, as well as methods of use thereof.  In particular, these compositions may be utilized in the treatment of certain cancers, bacterial, fungal, parasitic, and virai infections, including, but not limited to, Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome (AIDS) and hepatitis.
CA2173876C	Alkoxy alkyl carbamates from imidazo(1,2-a)pyridines	The invention relates to novel compounds of for-mula (I) and their therapeutic use.
CA2176392C	Use of 2-amino purine derivatives for the treatment and prophylaxis of human herpes virus 7 infection	The use of a compound of formula (A), or a bioprecursor, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt, phosphate ester and/or acyl deriva-tive of either of the foregoing in the manufacture of a medicament for use in the treatment (including prophylaxis) of HHV-7 infection.
CA2176796C	Substituted benzyloxycarbonylguanidines, process for their preparation, their use as a medicament or diagnostic, and medicament containing them	There are described compounds of the formula I (see formula I) and their pharmaceutically tolerable salts. These are effective inhibitors of the cellular sodium proton antiporter (Na+/H+ exchanger). They are therefore outstandingly suitable for the treatment of all diseases which can be attributed to increased Na+/H+ exchange.
CA2179955C	Kappa-opiate agonists for inflammatory bowel disorders	The invention relates to pharmaceutical prepara- tions which are suitable for the treatment of inflamma- tory bowel disorders and contain at least one compound of the formula I   in which R is Ar, cycloalkyl having 3-7 C atoms or cyclo- alkylalkyl having 4-8 C atoms, R 2 is Ar, R1 and R2 together are also
CA2183620C	Sustained release composition	This invention provides a sustained release composition comprising a PLGA matrix, a bioactive agent, and a quaternary ammonium surfactant, in which the release profile of the bioactive agent from the PLGA matrix is controlled by the concentration of the quaternary ammonium surfactant.
CA2185397C	Arylalkyl-diazinones	Arylalkyl diazinone derivatives of the formula I (see formula I) and their physiologically acceptable salts, in which R1, R2, R3, R4, B, Q and X have the meanings indicated in Claim 1, exhibit phosphodiesterase IV inhibition and can be employed for the treatment of inflammatory processes and also of allergies, asthma and autoimmune disorders.
CA2188267C	Use of tetrahydropteridine derivatives as no-synthase inhibitors	The present invention relates to the use of pteridine derivatives of the formula I    in which X is 0 or NH and R4, for example, is hydrogen, phenyl or the radical R4a-CH2- and R4a, for example, is hydrogen, (C1-C4)-alkylmercapto, the radical -NR11R12 or the radical -OR13, and in which R1, R2, R3, R5, R6, R7, R11, R12 and R13 have the meanings given in claim 1, which are nitric oxide synthase inhibitors, for the treatment of diseases which are caused by an increased nitric oxide level.
CA2189221C	Substituted sulfonimidamides, processes for their preparation, their use as a medicament or diagnostic, and medicament comprising them	Substituted sulfonimidamides, processes for their preparation, their use as a medicament or diagnostic, and medicament comprising them Sulfonimidamides of the formula I(see formula I) in which at least one of the three substituents R(1), R(2) and R(3) is a benzoylguanidine, and in which the other substituents have the meanings indicated in the claims, are outstandingly suitable as medicaments having action on the cardiovascular system; that is as antiarrhythmic pharmaceuticals having a cardioprotective component as well as for treating ischemically induced damage; also in operative interventions, such as organ transplantation.
CA2195663C	Dihydrobenzofuranes	The invention concerns compounds of formula (I), in which R1, R2, R3 and R4 have the meanings given in the description. These compounds are novel, effective PDE--inhibitors.
CA2201477C	New pyrimidone derivatives with antifungal activity	Compounds of general formula (I) and their salts and solvates are antifungal agents and as such are useful in the treatment of various fungal infections. Pharmaceutical compositions including these compounds and processes for their preparation are also provided.
CA2211982C	Substituted indanylidineacetylguanidines, process for their preparation,their use as medicaments or diagnostic and medicaments containing them	Indanylidineacetylguanidines I (see formula I) and their pharmaceutically acceptable salts wherein R1, R2, R3, R4, R5, R6, R7, R8, R9, R10 and X have the meanings given in the claims, are effective inhibitors of the cellular sodium/proton antiport (Na +/H + exchanger), which, in numerous diseases (essential hypertension, atherosclerosis, diabetes and the like) is also increased in those cells which are readily accessible for measurements, such as, for example, in erythrocytes, platelets or leukocytes. They are also advantageous for the preparation of a medicament for the treatment or prophylaxis of disorders of lipid metabolism.
CA2217191C	Pharmaceutical composition containing pectin and a phospholipid, used as an antidiarrheal and antiulcer agent	Agent for treatment and prevention of diarrhoea and gastric ulcers in animals and humans, consisting of a mixture of a pectinaceous plant fibre material with a phospholipid, said agent being obtained by adding to the plant fibre material prior to the admixture of phospholipid under intensive stirring a physiologically acceptable liquid organic substance having a surface tension which is significantly lower than that of water, and method of preparing said agent comprising mixing under intensive stirring the finely-milled, dried pectinaceous plant fibre material with 2 to 10 % by weight of an organic substance based on the plant fibre material, preferably at least one alcohol, and subsequently adding under stirring from 5 to 15 % by weight of lecithin based on the plant fibre material and heated to a temperature of more than 45  C to obtain a homogeneous mixture.
CA2218553C	2,4-dichlorobenzyl alcohol and amylmetacresol against hiv infection	The use of a composition comprising 2,4-dichlorobenzyl alcohol and amylmetacresol in the preparation of a medicament for the treatment or prevention of HIV viral infections.
CA2220777C	Novel heterocycles as inhibitors of leucocyte adhesion and as vla-4 antagonists	The present invention relates to compounds of the formula I (see formula I) which are inhibitors of the adhesion and migration of leucocytes and/or antagonists of the adhesion receptor VLA-4 which belongs to the group of integrins. The invention also relates to processes for their preparation, to the use of compounds of the formula I for the treatment or prophylaxis of diseases which are caused by an undesired extent of leucocyte adhesion and/or leucocyte migration or which are associated therewith or in which cell-cell or cell-matrix interactions which are based on interactions of VLA-4 receptors with their ligands play a part, for example of inflammatory processes, of rheumatoid arthritis or of allergic disorders, and also to the use of compounds of the formula I for the production of pharmaceuticals for use in such diseases, and to pharmaceutical preparations which contain the compounds of the formula I.
CA2222964C	Oxygen activatable formulations for disinfection or sterilization	Methods and composition are disclosed for producing air-activated, i.e., oxygen activated, disinfectant-sterilent solutions. Solutions containing a haloperoxidase (i.e., a halide: hydrogen peroxide oxidoreductase, such as myeloperoxidase, eosinophil peroxidase or lactoperoxidase) plus a halide or combination of halides (i.e., chloride, bromide and/or iodide), an oxidase (i.e., a substrate: oxygen oxidoreductase) capable of generating hydrogen peroxide, and a substrate specific for that oxidase, are separately prepared under aerobic conditions, but all of the component solutions are made anaerobic prior to final combination and mixing. The anaerobic formulations are dispensed into containers capable of maintaining the anaerobic condition (e.g., pressurized canisters). Dispensing the solution at the time of use exposes the formulation to air (i.e., oxygen) which activates its disinfectant-sterilent properties.
CA2224369C	Aromatic acid diamides with antigastrin activity, a method for their preparation and their pharmaceutical use	Aromatic acid diamide compounds with antigastrin activity are described which may be represented by general formula (I), in which Ar is a phenyl group or an unsubstituted pyridyl group or a pyridyl group mono- or disubstituted with a group selected independently from C1-C4 alkyl, C1-C4 alkoxy, phenyl, cyano, nitro, amino, hydroxyl, or halogens or a naphthyl group, a quinolinyl group.
CA2224426C	Cis-9,10-octadecenoamidase	The soporific activity of cis-9,10-octadecenoamide and other soporific fatty acid primary amides is neutralized by hydrolysis in the presence of cis-9,10-octadecenoamidase. Hydrolysis of cis-9,10-octadecenoamide leads to the formation of oleic acid, a compound without soporific activity. Inhibitors of cis-9,10-octadecenoamidase are disclosed to block this activity.
CA2225822C	Nitroimidazole antibacterial compounds and methods of use thereof	Methods, compounds and compositions are provided for inhibiting the growth of pathogenic microbes in vitro and of treatment of pathogenic bacterial infections, such as mycobacterial, Clostridium, Cryptosporidium and Helicobacter infections, in vivo using bicyclic nitroimidazole compounds of the formula (II): (see formula II) The methods, compounds and compositions are particularly useful for inhibiting the growth of Mycobacterium tuberculosis, Clostridium difficile, Cryptosporidium parvum, and Helicobacter pylori, and may be used alone, or in combination with other antimicrobial agents.
CA2228060C	Isoxazole and crotonamide derivatives and their use as pharmaceuticals and diagnostics	A compound of the formula (see formula I) where R1 is the radical of the formula II or III (see formula II et III) is suitable for the production of a pharmaceutical for the treatment of inflammations, carcinomatous diseases or autoimmune diseases. A compound of the formula IV (see formula IV) is suitable for the production of specific antibodies against a compound of the formula I for the discovery of specific-binding proteins from cell extracts, serum, blood or synovial fluids, for the purification of proteins, for the modification of microtiter plates or for the preparation of chromatography material, in particular of affinity chromatography material, and for use in diagnostics.
CA2230960C	Piperazine derivatives and process for the preparation thereof	The present invention relates to new piperazine derivatives having the general formula (I):    wherein R1 or a R2 are the same or different or a each represent a hydrogen atom, a substituted or unsub-stituted C1-C8 alkyl group, a substituted or unsub-stituted C3-C6 cycloalkyl group, a substituted or unsubstituted C2-C8 unsaturated alkyl. group, a ketone group, a substituted or unsubstituted aryl group, a substituted or unsubstituted C1-C4 alkoxy group, a substituted or unsubstituted arylhydroxy group, a substituted or unsubstituted amino group, a C1-C4 ester group, a C1-C4 thioester group, a thiol group, a substituted or unsubstituted carboxyl. group, an epoxy group, or a substituted or unsubstituted C1-C4 thio-alkoxy group, or R1 or a R2 are fused to form a C3-C4 saturated or unsaturated chain; R3, R4, R5, R6 or a R7 are the same or different or a each represent a hydrogen atom, a halogen atom, a hydroxy group, a nitro group, a C1-C4 ester group, a lower alkyl group, a C1-C4 thio-alkyl group, a substituted or unsubstituted C3-C6 cycloalkyl group, a lower alkoxy group, a C1-C4 thioalkoxy group, a substituted or unsubstituted aryl group, a substituted or unsubstituted lower arylalkoxy group, a substituted or unsubstituted lower alkylamino group, or a lower alkyl substituted or unsubstituted carbamate group; or two adjacent groups among R3, R4, R5, R6 or a R7 are bonded with each other to form a 1,2-phenylene or 2,3-naphthylene group; X is an oxygen or sulfur atom, or a substituted or unsubstituted imino group; Y is bonded at the 3-position or 4-position of the aromatic ring or a represents an oxygen atom or -NR8- in which R8 has the same meaning as R3; Z is a hydroxy group, a lower alkoxy group, a C1-C4 thioalkoxy group, a substituted or unsubstituted aryloxy group, a lower alkylamino group, or a substituted or unsubsti-tuted cycloamino containing 1-5 nitrogen atoms; A is a nitrogen atom or -CH=; or a their pharmaceutically acceptable acid addition salt. The compounds of formula (i) are useful for the prevention or treatment of tumors in mammals.
CA2232880C	Semi-fluorinated alkanes and their use	The invention concerns semi-fluorinated alkanes of the general formulae R F R H and R F R H R F, R F being a linear or branched perfluoroalkyl group and R H being a linear or branched saturated (hydrocarbon)-alkyl group.
CA2240721C	Implantable acrylamide copolymer hydrogel for therapeutic uses	The hydrogel is a copolymer of an N-substituted methacrylamide or acrylamide, a cross-linking agent and a complex sugar or derivative, a tissue adhesion peptide or a polymer conjugate with antibodies, the polymer being heterogeneous, elastically deformable and having an equilibrium water content of at least about 80%. It can be used for tissue regeneration and for organ repair, for example, in the developing and adult nervous system.
CA2242618C	Compositions comprising ultrapure pvp having an average molecular weight in the range of 7,000 to 12,000 daltons	The present invention relates to compositions for use in medicine, e.g. as infusion or surgical rinse solutions, and to processes for their preparation. The compositions of the invention comprise an aqueous solution of physiologically inert PVP having a weight average molecular weight in the range of from 3.000 to 14.000 daltons.
CA2244512C	Dietary supplements containing natural ingredients	The invention provides a dietary supplement comprising at least one flavonoid source and an enzyme, that is effective for inhibiting in vivo platelet activity and LDL cholesterol oxidation in a mammal at a dosage of about 30 mg/Kg or less. The supplement may contain flavonoid sources found in grape seed extracts, grape skin extracts, bilberry extracts, ginkgo biloba extracts or the flavonoid quercetin. The supplement may also contain fungal proteases, acid stable proteases and bromelain. The invention further provides a method for using the dietary supplement and an article of manufacture containing the supplement.
CA2263798C	G-coupled receptor showing selective affinity for atp	The present invention concerns a G-coupled receptor which has an amino acid sequence having more than 50 % homology with the amino acid sequence shown in Figure 1.
CA2270177C	Transdermal administration of ment	The present invention relates to transdermal dosage forms (10) for delivery of androgens.
CA2270893C	N-aryl substituted tetrahydroquinolines ligands for retinoid receptors having agonist, antagonist or inverse agonist type activity	Compounds of formula (1) where the symbols have the meaning defined in the specification, have retinoid, retinoid antagonist or retinoid inverse agonist-like biological activity.
CA2275686C	Isoquinolinamine and phthalazinamine derivatives which interact with crf receptors	Disclosed are compounds that are highly selective partial agonists or antagonists at human CRF1 receptors that are useful in the diagnosis and treatment of treating stress related disorders such as post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) as well as depression, headache and anxiety. The compounds have formula (I) or the pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof wherein Ar, R1, R2. R3, R4 and W are various organic and inorganic substituents.
CA2276694C	New fatty acid derivatives	The properties of biologically active compounds, for example drugs and agrochemicals, which contain in their molecular structure one or more functional groups selected from alcohol, ether, phenyl, amino, amido, thiol, carboxylic acid and carboxylic acid ester groups are modified by replacing one or more of these functional groups by a lipophilic group selected from those of the formula: RCOO-, RCONH-, RCOS-, RCH2O-, RCH2NH-, -COOCH2R, -CONHCH2R and -SCH2R, wherein R is a lipophilic moiety selected from cis-8-heptadecenyl, trans-8-heptadecenyl, cis-10-nonadecenyl and trans-10-nonadecenyl.
CA2282254C	Hydroxyazepanes as inhibitors of glycosidase and hiv protease	Hydroxyazepanes display inhibitory activity with respect to glycosidase, with K i values from moderate to low micromolar range. Benzyl and 3,6-dibenzyl derivatives of hydroxyazepanes display inhibitory activity with respect to HIV protease. These compounds are synthesized either by chemoenzymatic or chemical methodologies. Methods are provided for producing a tetrahydroxyazepane with the formula:(see formula I)
CA2288726C	Eyedrops containing a loratadine metabolite	An ophthalmic solution containing a compound represented by formula I: (see figure I) wherein X represents a halogen atom or a hydrogen atom, is disclosed.
CA2291796C	Therapeutically active compositions	A pharmaceutical composition for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome which composition includes a carrier vehicle and a vanilloid compound is provided. The carrier vehicle enables the vanilloid compound to be released in the lower GI tract. The vanilloid compound has the effect of desensitising nerves in the lower GI tract leading to the relief of symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome.
CA2293714C	Benzpyrido cycloheptane compounds useful for inhibition of farnesyl protein transferase	Novel compounds of Formula (1.0) are disclosed. Also disclosed is a method of inhibiting farnesyl protein transferase function and therefore inhibiting the abnormal growth of cells. The method comprises administering a compound of formula (1.0) to a biological system. In particular, the method inhibits the abnormal growth of cells in a mammal such as a human being.
CA2294086C	Palatable elemental medical food	This invention relates to a palatable elemental nutritional formula that is nutritionally complete for humans with specialized dietary needs. The nutritional of the present invention uses specific free amino acids to provide the source of amino nitrogen (protein equivalents) and a special blend of fats that provides 38 to 50 % of the total calories in a pleasant tasting formula. The nutritionally complete formula of this invention is useful for children having multiple protein allergies, short gut syndrome, sick gut, diarrhea and the like. More specifically, the nutritional product, in accordance with this invention, utilizes L-asparagine monohydrochloride and L-glutamine in place of L-aspartic acid and L-glutamic acid, respectively. In addition, the source of fat comprises soy, fractionated coconut oil (medium chain triglycerides), high oleic safflower oil and esterified glycerol emulsifiers. The level of fat calories is about 38 to 50 % of total calories, which produces a product having a low osmolarity and provides required energy requirements in a small volume.
CA2295678C	Pyridine derivatives	Compounds of the formula (I), wherein X and R1 to R5 are as defined in the description, are useful for treating disorders mediated full or in part by mGluR5.
CA2302445C	New taxane derivatives	This invention relates to a taxane derivative represented by the following formula (1): (see formula (1) (wherein A represents a substituted piperazino or piperidino group, X represents an alkyl, pyridyl, thienyl, furyl, cycloalkyloxy or the like and Y represents H or trialkylsilyl) and also to a drug containing the same.   This compound has high solubility in water and also has excellent antitumor activities.
CA2304704C	Formulations and methods for reducing toxicity of antineoplastic agents	This invention provides for pharmaceutical formulations of compounds which are useful as protective agents when administered to patients also receiving antineoplastic drugs. The invention also includes methods of reducing the toxicity of various antineoplastic agents by administering an effective amount of the protective agent to a patient receiving one or more antineoplastic agents. The compounds useful as protective agents have either a sulfhydryl moiety or are reducible disulfides.
CA2308315C	N,n'-bis(sulfonyl)hydrazines useful as antineoplastic agents	The present invention relates to a compound of formula (I) wherein R1 and R2 are selected from lower alkyl groups having 1-6 carbon atoms, substituted or unsubstituted aryl groups, and unsaturated alkyl groups having 1-6 carbon atoms; R3 is a substituted or unsubstituted lower alkyl group having 1-6 carbons; and R4 is selected from substituted or unsubstituted lower alkyl groups having 1-6 carbon atoms, substituted or unsubstituted aryl groups, and unsaturated alkyl groups having 1-6 carbon atoms. The present invention also relates to a pharmaceutical composition comprising the above compound, as well as a method of treating tumor cells with the compound.
CA2309256C	Chemical synthesis of 6-o-alkyl erythromycin a	A process of preparing 6-O-alkyl erythromycin A is provided. The process includes the steps of protecting the oxime hydroxyl of 9-oxime erythromycin A with a benzoyl protecting group, protecting the 2'-hydroxyl group and optionally the 4'-hydroxyl group with an O-protecting group, alkylating the 6-hydroxyl, removing the benzoyl and O-protecting groups and deoximating the 9-oxime.
CA2310659C	Method for accelerating protein digestion rate	The invention concerns a method for accelerating the digestion rate of a protein matter which consists in treating the protein matter with transglutaminase, and in mixing it with anionic polysaccharides. The invention also concerns the use of a protein matter with rapid digestion for preparing a food or pharmaceutical composition to be orally administered to a mammal so as to induce a postprandial peak of plasma increase in amino acids. Said composition is designed for modulating postprandial protein gain, and or limiting problems related to disorders of gastrointestinal motility, and/or limiting postprandial feelings of nausea in pregnant women, and/or limiting postprandial risks of regurgitation and/or gastroesophageal reflux. Finally the invention also concerns a food or pharmaceutical composition comprising anionic polysaccharides and a protein matter treated with transglutaminase.
CA2318184C	Substituted 5-(2,2-difluoro-1,3-benzodioxol-5-yl) cyclopentenopyridine derivative as selective endothelin antagonists	The present invention relates to a cyclopentenopyridine derivative represented by general formula [I] or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof: (see formula I) wherein Ar is a phenyl group or the like, R1 is a mono-or di-C1-C6 alkylamino group or the like, and R2 is a hydroxyl group or the like, a process for its production and its use as endothelin antagonist.
CA2320288C	Oligodeoxyribonucleotides comprising o6-benzylguanine and their use	The present invention provides a single-stranded oligodeoxyribonucleotide, which (i) comprises from about 5 to 11 bases, at least one of which is a substituted or an unsubstituted O6-benzylguanine, and (ii) inactivates human AGT. The present invention also provides a single-stranded oligodeoxyribonucleotide, which can inactivate a mutant human AGT, which either is not inactivated by O6-benzylguanine or is less inactivated by O6-benzylguanine than by said single-stranded oligodeoxyribonucleotide. A phosphate of the single-stranded oligodeoxyribonucleotide can be replaced by a methylphosphonate or a phosphorothioate. The present invention also provides a composition comprising such an oligodeoxyribonucleotide. In addition, the present invention provides a method of enhancing the effect of an antineoplastic alkylating agent, which alkylates the O6 position of guanine residues in DNA, in the chemotherapeutic treatment of cancer in a mammal, which method comprises the co-administration to the mammal of a cancer-treatment effective amount of an antineoplastic alkylating agent and a chemotherapeutic treatment-enhancing amount of a present inventive oligodeoxyribonucleotide or composition thereof.
CA2330128C	Food compositions, compositions for oral cavity and medicinal compositions for preventing or treating periodontosis and method for preventing or treating periodontosis	Food compositions, compositions for the oral cavity and medicinal compositions for preventing or treating periodontosis which contain (A) one or more components selected from among natural polyphenol-containing extracts, and (B) one or more components selected from the group consisting of vitamin C, vitamin E, vitamin A and .beta.-carotene; and a method for preventing or treating periodontosis with the use of these compositions.
CA2336799C	Improved stable topical ascorbic acid compositions	An ascorbic acid (Vitamin C) composition in a nonaqueous or substantially anhydrous silicone vehicle has superior stability. Particulate ascorbic acid is substantially insoluble in the disclosed polyorganosiloxane vehicles, and the vehicle substantially excludes environmental oxygen. The ascorbic acid particles have surprisingly been found to have a high degree of bioavailability and effectiveness, for example in topical applications to reduce wrinkles and increase collagen growth and elasticity.
CA2339290C	Reaction products of hyaluronic acid and natural amino acids and their use in cosmetic and pharmaceutical compositions	The present invention relates to new high molecular weight salts of hyaluronic acid. More particularly, these salts are characterized in that they have as a counterion a natural amino acid. The products of the invention can be prepared starting from high molecular weight hyaluronic acid or salts thereof. These new high molecular weights salts of hyaluronic acid may be advantageously employed in the cosmetic of pharmaceutical field.
CA2341949C	Novel compounds for the management of aging-related and diabetic vascular complications, process for their preparation and therapeutic uses	The invention discloses novel compounds of the pyridinium series useful for the management of diabetes and aging-related vascular complications, including kidney disease, nerve damage, atherosclerosis, retinopathy, dermatological disorders and discoloration of teeth, by breaking preformed AGE, or pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof.     The invention also discloses, method for preparation of the novel compounds of the series and pharmaceutical composition comprising one or more of these compounds. The invention further discloses a method of treatment of a diabetic patient by administering the compounds either singly or in combination with drugs for antidiabetic therapy.
CA2347981C	Process for the manufacturing of alkaline salts of substituted sulphinyl compounds and products prepared thereby	Process for the manufacturing of slightly soluble or less soluble alkaline salts of substituted sulphinyl heterocycles containing an imidazole moiety with formula (I), preferably alkaline salts of a proton pump inhibitor compound, wherein the process comprises the step of reacting the substituted sulphinyl heterocycle of formula (I) with a source of the cation in the presence of a base, characterized by a washing step in which the prepared alkaline salt of the substituted sulphinyl compound is washed with a basic aqueous solvent mixture. The obtained bulk drug substance resulting in a bulk product that in an aqueous suspension of the substituted sulphinyl heterocycle having a pH not significantly lower than that of a saturated water solution of the pure compound prepared. Alternatively, the process for manufacturing a pharmaceutical dosage form comprising the active substance could be adjusted. For instance the pH of an aqueous suspension of the active substance is adjusted to a pH not significantly lower than that of a saturated water solution of the pure compound. The processes are preferably useful in the manufacturing of omeprazole magnesium salt or magnesium salt of one of its single enantiomers used in pharmaceutical dosage forms.
CA2353544C	Preparation that contains oligosaccharides and probiotics	The present invention relates to a preparation having a health-promoting action, in particular for the prevention and/or treatment of disorders of the digestive tract, which contains one or more probiotics and one or more non-digestible oligosaccharides. The probiotics are preferably chosen from bacterial strains such as a strain of a Lactobacillus or a Bifidobacterium species and from yeast strains such as a strain of a Saccharomyces species.
CA2357986C	Acid stable backbone modified end-blocked nucleic acids and therapeutic uses thereof	The present invention provides end-blocked nucleic acids, e.g., 2'-O-R, 2'-O-R-O-R, 3'-O-R, and 3'-O-R-O-R oligonucleotides, that exhibit significant low pH stability, nuclease resistance and optionally antibacterial properties. These low toxicity, highly specific, acid stable, end-blocked nucleic acids represent a novel and improved oligonucleotide structure for therapeutic treatments of diseases. The 3' and 5' acid stable, exonuclease resistant polymers of the invention are shown here to provide antibacterial effects when applied in vivo, e.g., applied topically to skin with actual sites of infection on dogs and humans.
CA2359708C	Ketolide antibiotics	This invention relates to compounds of formula (1) and to pharmaceutically acceptable salts and solvates thereof wherein X1, X2, R2, R8, R9, R10 and R11 are as defined herein.     The compounds of formula (1) are antibacterial and antiprotozoal agents that may be used to treat various bacterial and protozoal infections and disorders related to such infections. The invention also relates to pharmaceutical compositions containing the compounds of formula (1) and to methods of treating bacterial and protozoal infections by administering the compounds of formula (1).
CA2366186C	Retinoid antagonists and use thereof	The present invention relates to novel retinoid antagonists of the formula (I) wherein the dotted bond is optional; and, when the dotted bond is present, R1 is lower alkyl and R2 is hydrogen; and, when the dotted bond is absent, R1 and R2 taken together are methylene to form a cis-substituted cyclopropyl ring; R3 is hydroxy or lower alkoxy; R4 is alkyl or alkoxy; and R5 and R6 are, independently, a C4-12 alkyl group or a mono- or polycyclic C5-12-hydrocarbon group which are linked to the phenyl ring through a quaternary carbon atom, and pharmaceutically acceptable salts of carboxylic acids of formula (I); the use of retinoid antagonists, their pharmaceutically acceptable salts or pharmaceutically acceptable hydrolyzable esters, for the manufacture of a medicament for the treatment of T-helper cell type 2 (Th2)-mediated immune diseases, for the manufacture of a medicament for the treatment of osteoporosis and for use in the treatment of preneoplastic and neoplastic diseases.
CA2370201C	Skin care compositions containing a combination of skin care actives	The present invention relates to skin care compositions containing combinations of skin care actives and to methods of using such compositions to regulate the condition of skin. The compositions contain a safe and effective amount of amount of a peptide active selected from the group consisting of pentapeptides, derivatives of pentapeptides, and mixtures thereof; a safe and effective amount of at least one additional skin care active; and a dermatologically acceptable carrier.
CA2373183C	Iminocyclitol inhibitors of hexoaminidase and glycosidase	Designed iminocyclitols have potent inhibition activity with respect to hexoaminidases and glycosidases.
CA2373634C	Isophosphoramide mustard analogs and use thereof	Isophosphoramide mustard analogs useful for treating cancer are provided.
CA2375671C	4-phenyl-pyrimidine derivatives	The invention relates to compounds of formula (I) wherein R1 is hydrogen or halogen; R2 is hydrogen, halogen, lower alkyl or lower alkoxy; R1 and R2 may be together with the two carbon atoms -CH=CH-CH=CH-; R3 is halogen, trifluoromethyl, lower alkyl or lower alkoxy; R4/R4' are independently from each other hydrogen or lower alkyl; R5 is lower alkyl, lower alkoxy, amino, phenyl, hydroxy-lower alkyl, cyano-lower alkyl, carbamoyl-lower alkyl, pyridyl, pyrimidyl, -(CH2)n-piperazinyl, which is optionally substituted by one or two lower alkyl groups or by hydroxy-lower alkyl, -(CH2)n-morpholinyl, -(CH2)n--piperidinyl, -(CH2)n+1-imidazolyl, lower alkyl-sulfanyl, lower alkyl-sulfonyl, benzylamino, -NH-(CH2)n+1N(R4")2, -(CH2)n+1N(R4")2, -O-(CH2)n+1-morpholinyl, -O-(CH2)n+1-piperidinyl or -O-(CH2)n+1N(R4")2, wherein R4" is hydrogen or lower alkyl; and n is 0- 2; X is -C(O)N(R4")- or -N(R4")C(O)-; and to pharmaceutically acceptable acid addition salts thereof. It has been shown that the compounds have a good affinity to the NK-1 receptor and may therefore be used for the treatment of diseases related to this receptor.
CA2379557C	Arylsulphonamide-substituted benzimidazole derivatives, processes for preparing them and their use as pharmaceutical compositions	The invention relates to arylsulphonamide-substituted benzimidazole derivatives of general formula (I)   wherein the groups R1, R2, R3 and R4 may have the meanings given in the claims and specification, processes for preparing them as well as the use of arylsulphonamide-substituted benzimidazole derivatives as pharmaceutical compositions, particularly as pharmaceutical compositions with a tryptase-inhibiting activity.
CA2382337C	Composition for treatment of infections of humans and animals	This disclosure provides pharmaceutical compositions which include oil extract from plants from the Labiatae family. In particular, the compositions can be formulated by combining extracts of essential oils from plants of the Labiatae family with an organic acid or a Group I salt. It is believed that the antimicrobial activity of the pharmaceutical composition is due to the presence of organic phenols, such as isopropyl-o-cresol, in the oil extract from the plants.
CA2391297C	6-o-alkyl-2-nor-2-substituted ketolide derivatives	The present invention relates to 6-O-alkyl-2-nor-2-substituted ketolide compound or a derivative thereof, a composi-tion comprising the compound and a suitable carrier, a method of preparing the compound, and a method of treatment and prevention of in mammals comprising administering said compound.
CA2396151C	Method for the antibiotic coating of bodies with interconnecting microcavities as well as coated bodies and their usage	The invention relates to a method for the antibiotic coating of bodies with interconnecting microcavities as well as bodies coated this way and their usage. The invented method is characterized in that in the microcavities of non-metallic bodies an aqueous solution 1, which contains at least one easily water-soluble antibiotic component from the groups of the aminoglycoside antibiotics, the tetracycline antibiotics, the lincosamide antibiotics and the 4-quinolone antibiotics, and an aqueous solution 2, which contains at least one easily water-soluble amphiphilic component from the groups of the alkyl sulfates, alkyl sulfonates, alkylaryl sulfates, dialkylaryl sulfates, alkylaryl sulfonates, dialkylaryl sulfonates, cycloalkyl sulfates, cycloalkyl sulfonates, alkylcycloalkyl sulfates, are introduced, wherein between the introduction of solutions 1 and 2 the water is basically removed through vaporization and/or evaporation, and whereby from the components of solutions 1 and 2 in the microcavities a deposit is formed, which is sparingly soluble in water.
CA2419877C	Storage stable tretinoin and 4-hydroxy anisole containing topical composition	A long-term storage stable tretinoin and 4-hydroxyanisole composition contains low molecular weight polyethylene glycol, antioxidant, a chelating agent, lower alkanol and water. The chelating agent provides at least two of the functions of oxygen scavaging, free radical chain terminating and reducing. The composition has a pH of 2.5 to 5 and a water content of at least 12%.
CA2421548C	Amidine inhibitors of serine proteases	Inhibitors of serine proteases are provided having formula (I) wherein X, R1, R2, R3, R4 and R5 are as defined herein. In particular, the compounds bind to factor VIIa, tissue factor/factor Xa complex, thrombin, trypsin, plasmin and kallikrein and have anticoagulant activity. Pharmaceutical compositions comprising the compounds are useful for inhibiting the formation of veinous and/or arterial thrombi in vivo.
CA2426625C	Combination of fenofibrate and coenzyme q10 for the treatment of endothelial dysfunction	The present invention relates to a combination of a peroxisome proliferator activated receptor (PPAR) activator and a benzoquinone and their use in treating and/or preventing disorders characterized by endothelial dysfunction, such as cardiovascular disease, strokes and myocardial infarction. According to a preferred embodiment of the invention the benzoquinone or precursor thereof is a ubiquinone or precursor thereof, more preferably, coenzyme Q10 or a precursor thereof, and the PPAR activator is a fibrate or a thiazolidinedione, more preferably fenofibrate.
CA2438270C	Process for the fractionation of cereal brans	A process for the fractionation of valuable fractions from cereal brans (e.g. wheat, barley and oat brans, and rice polish) is described. In particular, this invention describes a two step process, in which the said bran is first subjected to a combination of enzymatic treatment and wet milling, followed by sequential centrifugation and ultrafiltration, which aims at physically separating the main bran factions, i.e. insoluble phase (pericarp and aleurone layer), germ-rich fraction, residual endosperm fraction and soluble sugars. A second step consists of fractionating cereal brans substantially free of soluble compounds, hence insoluble phase from the above-mentioned first step, by enzymatic treatment with xylanases and/or beta-glucanase and wet milling, followed by sequential centrifugation and ultrafiltration, which aims at physically separating the main fractions, i.e. insoluble phase (remaining cell wall components), protein-rich fraction, soluble hemicellulose and oligosaccharide, and therefore maximizes the extraction rate of valuable cell wall components and aleurone cells from previously cleaned bran.
CA2444244C	Methods of synthesizing acylanilides including bicalutamide and derivatives thereof	Methods of synthesizing an acylanilide include contacting a compound having the structure of Formula I with a compound having the structure of Formula II under conditions sufficient to provide a compound having the structure of Formula III and treating the compound of Formula III under conditions sufficient to provide an acylanilide. The compound of Formula III may be addition reacted with a compound having the structure of Formula IV: under conditions sufficient to provide an acylanilide having the structure of Formula V.
CA2448607C	Colloidal metal compositions and methods	The present invention comprises compositions and methods for delivery systems of agents, including therapeutic compounds, pharmaceutical agents, drugs, detection agents, nucleic acid sequences and biological factors. In general, these vector compositions comprise a colloidal metal, derivatized PEG (polyethylene glycol) and an agent. The invention also comprises methods and compositions for making such colloidal metal compositions and for treatment of cancer.
CA2472449C	Pharmaceutical composition for oral use with improved absorption	The present invention relates to an agent for inhibiting decomposition of a biologically active peptide by a digestive enzyme, which is aminoalkyl methacrylate copolymer E as an effective ingredient, and an agent for reducing viscosity of the gastrointestinal mucosa and mucous layers distributed over this mucosa. The present invention relates to a method for inhibiting decomposition of a biologically active peptide by a digestive enzyme, or a method for reducing viscosity of the gastrointestinal mucosa and/or mucous layers distributed over the mucosa, by administration of aminoalkyl methacrylate copolymer E. Furthermore, the present invention relates to a pharmaceutical composition for oral use with improved absorption, which comprises a biologically active peptide and aminoalkyl methacrylate copolymer E. Excellent oral absorption of a biologically active peptide that were considered difficult to absorb by oral administration in the past, can be realized based on the ability to inhibit decomposition of a biologically active peptide, the ability to reduce viscosity of the gastrointestinal mucosa and/or mucous layers distributed over this mucosa, and the ability to improve permeability of a biologically active peptide in the gastrointestinal mucosa and/or mucous layers of the pharmaceutical composition of the present invention.
CA2508180C	Dimetalhydroxy malates	Dimetalhydroxy malate compositions as well as methods of administering and making such bioavailable compositions are provided. The metal used can be any nutritionally relevant divalent metal such as calcium, magnesium, zinc, copper, manganese, and iron. The composition can be prepared by reacting malic acid with a divalent metal oxide or hydroxide at a 1:2 molar ratio. The composition can be administered to a warm-blooded animal by any of a number of known delivery routes, including oral delivery.
CA2529055C	Improved absorption of fat-soluble nutrients	Carotenoids are provided as dietary supplements to animal feed. These supplements improve the bioavailability of carotenoids by providing them in combination with phospholipids. The invention provides animal feeds for aquatic and terrestrial animals, and methods for making the feeds.
CA2533117A1	Combinations for the treatment of depression	It is intended to provide medicinal compositions and the like useful in treating depression which contain a compound having an antagonism to adenosine A2A receptor (for example, (E)-8-(3,4-dimethoxystyryl)-1,3-diethyl-7-methyl-3,7-dihydro-1H-purin-2,6-dione) or a pharmacologically acceptable salt thereof together with an antidepressant (for example, a tricyclic antidepressant, a tetracyclic antidepressant, a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor, a selective noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor, a dopamine reuptake inhibitor, a serotonin/noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor, a monoamine oxidase inhibitor or a serotonin 2 antagonist).
CA2538729A1	Compound and method for treating androgen-independent prostate cancer	The present invention provides compositions and methods for treating prostate cancer. The composition comprises a morpholino antisense compound having uncharged phosphorus-containing backbone linkages and a base sequence that is complementary to a target region containing at least 12 contiguous bases in a preprocessed or processed human androgen receptor transcript. The method is designed for treating prostate cancer in a subject having a hormone-refractory (androgen-independent) prostate cancer.
CA2577676A1	Process for production of microbial fat/oil containing discretional amount of diacylglycerol and said fat/oil	A process for producing a diacylglycerol-containing fat which contains a highly unsaturated fatty acid as a constituent fatty acid and in which the proportion of the diacylglycerol to all natural lipids is 20 wt.% or higher, characterized by incubating a microorganism capable of yielding the fat and collecting the fat according to need.
CA2582262A1	Medium-chain length fatty alcohols as stimulators of hematopoiesis	Medium-chain length fatty alcohols such as octanol, decanol, dodecanol, or analogues thereof can be used as a stimulator of hematopoiesis, hematopoietic stem cell proliferation, and/or proliferation of one or more of the progenitors of red or white blood cells (e.g., erythrocyte, leukocyte, neutrophil, granulocyte, megakaryocyte, or any combination thereof)- It also relates to the treatment of myelosuppression; in particular, this includes the treatment of anemia and/or neutropenia associated with chemotherapy and/or radiotherapy. Moreover, anemia arising from chronic renal failure or treatment of HIV-infected patients with AZT (zidovudine), or other inhibitors of reverse transcriptase, can be treated. Furthermore, neutropenia arising from infections, hematologic diseases, or nutritional deficiencies can be treated. It also relates to reducing drug toxicity and enhancing drug efficiency.
CA2587247A1	Composition comprising phosphatidyl serine and an antigen or allergen and the use thereof	A composition comprising : (i) an antigen ; and (ii) a phosphatidyl serine receptor ligand.
CA2590334A1	Methods of using [3.2.0] heterocyclic compounds and analogs thereof	Disclosed are methods of treating cancer, inflammatory conditions, and/or infectious disease in an animal comprising: administering to the animal, a therapeutically effective amount of a heterocyclic compound. The animal is a mammal, preferably a human or a rodent.
CA2597798A1	Fluorinated phno and analogs thereof	This application describes fluormated (+)PHNO and analogs thereof, including radiolabeled analogs, of Formula (I), wherein R1 is C1-6 alkyl in which one hydrogen atom on the alkyl chain is replaced with fluoro or radioactive fluoro. The application further describes compositions comprising these compounds and methods of using these compounds The compounds of formula (I), have good affinity and selectivity for the dopamine D2 receptors and are therefore useful for the labelling of dopamine D2 receptors in vivo and for the identification and quantification of the extent of dopamine supersensitivity in the bram in various stages of a dopamine-related disease.
CA2602643C	Composition for improving blood cholesterol levels	A nutritional composition for improving blood cholesterol by jointly and simultaneously inhibiting cholesterol absorption, decreasing blood LDL levels, increasing blood HDL levels and interfering with HMG-CoA reductase synthesis or degradation in an individual comprising, therapeutically effective amounts of plant sterols or plant stanols or derivatives thereof, procyanidins, policosanol and niacin or derivatives of niacin is provided. Both a composition and a method are provided by the present disclosure.
CA2604392A1	Quaternary ammonium halides for treatment of infectious conditions	Compositions comprising quaternary ammonium halides and methods of using the compositions comprising quaternary ammonium halides to treat and/or prevent infectious conditions in humans are provided.
CA2612595A1	Compositions and methods affecting heat shock protein expression for improved muscle building	A nutritional composition comprising at least an effective amount of geranylgeranylacetone or derivative of geranygeranylacetone and/or paeoniflorin or derivative of paeoniflorin and an effective amount of Schisandrin B, wherein the ingredients act substantially simultaneously, via differing mechanism, to enhance the expression of heat shock protein in cells, particularly heat shock protein 72 in skeletal muscle. A method of same is also provided.
CA2615127A1	Methods of treating epileptogenesis	This invention is directed to methods for preventing, treating, reversing, inhibiting, or arresting epileptogenesis in a subject comprising administering to the subject in need thereof a therapeutically effective amount of a compound selected from the group consisting of Formula (I) and Formula (II), or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt or ester thereof,: Formula (I) Formula (II) wherein phenyl is substituted at X with one to five halogen atoms selected from the group consisting of fluorine, chlorine, bromine and iodine; and, R-i, R2, R3, R4, R5 and R6 are independently selected from the group consisting of hydrogen and CrC4 alkyl; wherein C1-C4 alkyl is optionally substituted with phenyl (wherein phenyl is optionally substituted with substituents independently selected from the group consisting of halogen, CrC4 alkyl, CrC4 alkoxy, amino, nitro and cyano).
CA2616222C	Method for producing tiotropium salts comprising an esterification reaction of methylscopinium and a dithienyl derivative	The invention provides a process for preparation of tiotropium salts of Formula 1 (see formula 1) wherein a compound of Formula 2 (see formula 2) is reacted in one step with a compound of Formula 3 (see formula 3) in the presence of a solvent and a catalyst selected from the group consisting of zeolites, alkoxides, lipases and tertiary amines to obtain a compound of Formula 4 (see formula 4) and without being isolated, the compound of Formula 4 is converted to the compound of Formula 1 with a salt of Formula cat+X-.
CA2623733A1	Supplements for pain management	Dietary supplements, compositions and methods of administering the supplements to reduce pain, inflammation and stiffness in said mammal within a few hours. The supplements and compositions can include a combination of an amino acid, vitamins, herbs and enzymes. The composition/supplement can be put in capsule form and when administered to mammals can reduce these symptoms with approximately two hours. reducing the pain and inflammation associated with chronic joint discomfort, chronic low back pain, muscle strain, arthritis, sports injuries, normal everyday bumps and bruises. The novel composition has also been shown to be very effective in reducing monthly menstrual symptoms (PMS). The novel composition can also have benefits for other ailments such as but not limited to Osteoarthritis, Cardiovascular disease, Neurological ailments, Alzheimer disease, and Cancer.
CA2647292A1	Thiazolyldihydrocyclopentapyrazoles for use as pi3-kinase inhibitors	The present invention relates to compounds of the general formula (I), where the radicals R1, R2, Ra and Rb have the meanings specified in the claims and the description, their tautomers, racemates, enantiomers, diastereomers and their mixtures, and optionally their pharmacologically acceptable acid addition salts, solvates and hydrates, and to processes for the preparation of these thiazolyldihydrocyclopentapyrazoles and their use as medicaments.
CA2652501C	Novel heterocyclic compound or salt thereof and intermediate thereof	Disclosed is a compound represented by the general formula (I):(see formula I) wherein R1 represents an aryl or heterocyclic group which may be substituted or the like; X1 represents a C2-C4 alkylene group or the like; X2, X3 and X5 independently represent NH, a bond or the like; X4 represents a lower alkylene group, a bond or the like; Y1 represents a bivalent alicyclic hydrocarbon residue which may be substituted or a bivalent alicyclic amine residue which may be substituted; and Z1, Z2, Z3, Z4, Z5 and Z6 independently represent a nitrogen atom, a group represented by the formula: CH, or the like, provided that at least one of Z3, Z4, Z5 and Z6 represents a nitrogen atom or a salt thereof, which is useful as an antibacterial agent.
CA2657592A1	Adhesive patch containing fentanyl or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof	An adhesive preparation comprising a support and a medicine-containing layer laminated on the support, wherein the medicine-containing layer comprises at least one compound selected from the group consisting of fentanyl and a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof and an adhesive agent comprising polyisobutylene and a silicon-containing polymer, and wherein the ratio of the polyisobutylene to the silicon-containing polymer in the adhesive agent is 20:1 to 7:3 by mass.
CA2659222C	Formulations of radioprotective .alpha., .beta. unsaturated aryl sulfones	Solution and suspension formulations are provided for administration prior to or after exposure to ionizing radiation for reducing toxic effects of the radiation in a subject which comprises an effective amount of at least one radioprotective .alpha., .beta. unsaturated aryl sulfone wherein the composition has a pH within the range of about 8 to about 9.
CA2667039A1	Multiple unit tablet compositions of benzimidazole compounds	The present invention relates to multiple unit tablet compositions of benzimidazole compounds and process of preparation thereof. The compositions are useful against various gastrointestinal disorders. The multiple unit tablet composition comprises: a) tablet excipients, and b) multiple enteric coated core units containing a benzimidazole compound, wherein each core unit is covered with an enteric coating layer comprising a plasticizer in an amount of less than 15% by weight of the enteric coating layer polymer.
CA2672190C	4-(heterocyclyl)alkyl-n-(arylsulfonyl) indole compounds and their use as 5-ht6 ligands	The present invention relates to novel 4-(Heterocyclyl)alkyl-N- (arylsulfonyl)indole compounds of the formula (I), their derivatives, their stereoisomers, their pharmaceutically acceptable salts and pharmaceutically acceptable compositions containing them. The present invention also relates to a process for the preparation of above said novel compounds, their derivatives, their stereoisomers, their pharmaceutically acceptable salts and pharmaceutically acceptable compositions containing them. These compounds are useful in the treatment of various disorders that are related to 5-HT6 receptor functions. Specifically, the compounds of this invention are also useful in the treatment of various CNS disorders, hematological disorders, eating disorders, diseases associated with pain, respiratory diseases, genito-urological disorders, cardiovascular diseases and cancer.
CA2687751A1	Disaccharides for the treatment of tendons, ligaments and bones	The present invention relates to the use of a series of disaccharides, as well as of compositions containing them, for the preparation of a medicament for the treatment or prevention of a tendon, ligament or bone disease, disorder or injury. The present invention also relates to the new compositions comprising a disaccharide in combination with inulin polysulphate, a glycosaminoglycan, a growth factor or cells. The glycosaminoglycan is preferably chondroitin sulphate or hyaluronic acid and the growth factor is IFG-1.
CA2695844A1	Treatments and prevention of hydrocephalus	The present invention relates to the prevention or treatment of hydrocephalus. In one embodiment, the invention includes the use of one or more bioavailable folate derivatives, or salts thereof, for the prevention or treatment of hydrocephalus. Examples of more bioavailable folate derivatives that may be used include any combination of: folinic acid, tetrahydrofolate, thymidine, 10-formyltetrahydrofolate or methyltetrahydrofolate, or salts thereof. The invention also relates to a composition comprising two or more bioavailable folate derivative(s); for example, folinic acid and tetrahydrofolate.
CA2700263A1	Soluble dosage forms containing cephem derivatives suitable for parenteral administration	The present invention relates to new dosage forms of cephem compounds, useful for the treatment of bacterial infections.The dosage forms are stable, exhibit enhanced solubility, and are particularly well suited for, e.g., parenteral administration.
CA2761068A1	Novel dosage regimens and methods for treatment, prevention, and/or management of at least one cns disorder	Dosage regimens for at least one compound chosen from lurasidone and pharmaceutically acceptable salts, solvates, clathrates, and stereoisomers thereof are disclosed as are kits and methods for treatment and/or prevention of at least one CNS disorder such as, for example, mixed depression and bipolar disorder, and management of at least one CNS disorder, such as improving quality of life and reversing impairment in learning and memory associated with schizophrenia, comprising administering to a patient a therapeutically or prophylactically effective amount of at least one compound chosen from lurasidone and pharmaceutically acceptable salts, solvates, clathrates, and stereoisomers thereof.
CA2764885A1	Dihydropyrrolonaphtyridinone compounds as inhibitors of jak	Disclosed are JAK inhibitors of formula (I) where G1, R1, R2, R3, R4, R5, R6, and R7 are defined in the specification. Also disclosed are pharmaceutical compositions, kits and articles of manufacture which contain the compounds, methods and materials for making the compounds, and methods of using the compounds to treat diseases, disorders, and conditions involving the immune system and inflammation, including rheumatoid arthritis, hematological malignancies, epithelial cancers (i.e., carcinomas), and other diseases, disorders or conditions associated with JAK.
CA2777304A1	Substituted benzosulphonamides	The present invention relates to substituted benzosulphonamide compounds of general formula (I) : in which R1, R2, R3, R4, R5 and A are as defined in the claims, to methods of preparing said compounds, to pharmaceutical compositions and combinations comprising said compounds and to the use of said compounds for manufacturing a pharmaceutical composition for the treatment or prophylaxis of a disease, in particular of a hyper-proliferative and/or angiogenesis disorder, as a sole agent or in combination with other active ingredients.
CA2777406A1	Thiazolidinedione energy restriction-mimetic agents	A method of inhibiting glycolysis in a subject by administering a pharmaceutical composition including a thiazolidinedione derivative to the subject is described. The thiazolidinedione derivatives are effective energy restriction mimetic agents, and can therefore be used to treat or prevent cancer in a subject, treat metabolic disorder, or increase the longevity of a subject. Various thiazolidinedione derivatives are also suitable for activating adenosine phosphate-activated protein kinase or inhibiting IL-6 expression.
CA2796068A1	Anti-bacterial applications of poly-n-acetylglucosamine nanofibers	Described herein are compositions comprising shortened fibers of poly-N-acetylglucosamine and/or a derivative thereof ("sNAG nanofibers") and anti-bacterial applications of such compositions. The sNAG nanofibers may be formulated into compositions for the prevention and/or treatment of bacterial infections and diseases associated with such infections. Regimens employing such compositions are also described.
CA2834341A1	Oxidative retinal diseases	Some aspects of the invention provide for a method of treating Wet and/or Dry Age-related Macular Degeneration, Retinitis Pigmentosa, Diabetic Retinopathy, cataracts, and/or Stargardt Disease using polyunsaturated fatty acids which are modified in certain positions to attenuate oxidative damage by Reactive Oxygen Species (ROS) and/or suppress the rate of formation of reactive products and toxic compounds.
CA2835015A1	Radiolabeled amino acids for diagnostic imaging	This invention relates to novel compounds suitable for labeling by 18F and to the corresponding 18F labeled compounds themselves, 19F-fluorinated analogues thereof and their use as reference standards, methods of preparing such compounds, compositions comprising such compounds, kits comprising such compounds or compositions and uses of such compounds, compositions or kits for diagnostic imaging by Positron Emission Tomography (PET).
CA2837759A1	Novel antibacterial combination therapy	An antibacterial composition is provided including a combination of a -lactam antibiotic that has a binding affinity for bacterial penicillin-binding protein 2; and a non-antibiotic compound which may be a thienopyridine or a non-thienopyridine compound. A method of treatment using the composition is also provided.
CN100579977C	Method for producing antifungal drug in triazole class	This invention discloses a method for preparing compounds shown in formula I, and their pharmaceutically acceptable salts.
CN100581558C	Preparation of blood-activating and pain-stopping capsules	A process for preparing the capsule used for activating blood and relieving pain includes such steps as supercritical extracting to Chinese angelica root and frankincense to obtain volatile oil, including it with beta-cyclodextrin to obtain the included substance A, including borneol with beta-cyclodextrin to obtain the included substance B, extracting from the dregs generated by said supercritical extracting in alcohol to obtain alcohol extract, extracting from ground beetle and pyrite in water to obtain aquatic extract, pulverizing notoginseng to obtain superfine powder, mixing them together, granulating and filling in capsules.
CN100582235C	Use of krev alcohol in preparing tyrosinase inhibitor	Gram Liewei in the preparation tyrosinase inhibitor's application relates to one kind of gram Liewei to be mellow mellowly, which provides one kind to originate from mangrove forest endogenous fungus secondary metabolite gram Liewei mellowly in the preparation tyrosinase inhibitor application. The preparation method is: dwarf rods Aspergillus BYY-1 seed culture; submerged fermentation; broth filter strains; concentrated filtrate decompression after repeatedly using organic solvent extraction, collection and decompression organic phase was concentrated extracts; Extracts of the silica gel column chromatography and recrystallization obtained after refining grams Levy alcohol. The pharmacological experiments have confirmed that the compound significantly inhibited the activity of tyrosine, can be used for preparation of tyrosinase inhibitors and applied to pharmaceuticals, cosmetics and food. It may obtain through the fermentation system, raw material is rich, moreover the extraction purification method is simple, suits the formalization production.
CN100584851C	Phosphates of secondary alcohols	According to the invention, there is provided a phosphate derivative of a compound having a secondary hydroxy group. The compound having a secondary hydroxyl group may, for example, be chosen from pravastatin, atorvastatin venlafaxine, their derivatives and mixtures thereof.
CN100998603A	Liquid vitamic C compounded nanometer elementary selenium its preparation method and storage method	A liquid-phase nano-Se containing VC used as a bioactive health-care product stored in liquid phase is prepared through dropping the solution of selenium oxide or selenite into VC solution while stirring until the red color is not changed. It can be used to prepare medicines.
CN100999470B	Salvia minium phenolic acid A and process of preparing preparation and use	This invention concerns the method of extracting salvianolic acid A from Chinese crude drug: danshen root, and the quality control methods and drug combinations, and the application of this drug. It can be used in the preparation of the prevention drugs for cardiovascular disease, liver damage, liver fibrosis, pulmonary fibrosis and other.
CN101002774A	Anti-inflammatory and sterilizing preparation	An eyedrops of the quinolone medicine for treating bacterial conjunctivitis, keratitis, corneal ulcer, dacryocystitis, trachoma, and the eye infection after operation is prepared from the medicine A and additives. Said medicine A is 6-fluoro- 1-methyl, 4-oxy-7-(1-piperazinyl)-4H-[1, 3] thiazine [3, 2-a] quinoline-3- carboxylate, or its hydrochloride, or its methanesulfonate.
CN101003513A	Compound in quinazoline class or its pharmaceutical salt preparation method, and medical usage	This invention relates to quinazoline compounds or their pharmaceutically acceptable salts as shown in general formula I. In the formula, R1, Q1, Q2 and m are defined in the invention. This invention also relates to their preparation method, and drug composition containing them with effective dosage. The quinazoline compounds or their pharmaceutically acceptable salts as shown in general formula I can inhibit epidermal growth factor receptor protein on bacteria surface thus can be used to treat hyperplasia diseases such as cancer.
CN101007811A	Organic amine salt of cephalosporin compound and its preparation method	The invention relates to the organic amine salt or hydrate for ceph compound used for treating bacteria infection, and the chemical formula is demonstrated in (I).Said organic amine can be lycine, arginine, tert-butylamine, diethanolamine, triethanolamine, diethylamine or meglumine. It comprises cefuroxime organic amine salt, ceftriaxone organic amine salt, ceftezole organic amine salt, cefoperazone organic amine salt, cephalothin organic amine salt, cefotaxime organic amine salt, cefradine organic amine salt, cefonicid organic amine salt, cefmetazole organic amine salt, cefodizime organic amine salt, cefmenoxime organic amine salt, ceftizoxime organic amine salt, cefpiramide organic amine salt, cefazolin organic amine salt, cefoxitinorganic amine salt and flomoxef organic amine salr. The invention provides the medical compound taking compound in formula (I) as active element and its application to preparation of medicine for treating bacteria infection.
CN101016265A	Preparation of HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor and application thereof	The invention discloses a new molecule with relative structure of HEPT and pyridinone, which is characterized by the following: adopting 1- (2-hydroxy ethoxy)-methyl -6-(benzene thio) thymine (HEPT) as reverse transcriptase inhibitor of non-nucleoside HIV-1 and 4-benzene thiopyridinone as primer; linking each structure and activity to fuse into one molecule; designing a new molecule with general formula as formula I with each group defined as instruction; making new compound connect HIV-1 reverse transcriptase conveniently; inhibiting the activity of reverse transcriptase.
CN101018793A	Phosphorylated polyphenols as colour-stable agents	The present invention relates to phosphorylated polyphenols, preferably tannins that, unlike their unphosphorylated counterparts, do not suffer from relatively low stability, resulting in an activity that is relatively short in time, and/or that do not result in yellowing of materials therewith such as textiles or polymers. The present invention further relates to a simple, cheap and environmentally friendly way of preparing these compounds. The phosphorylation process of the invention can be extended to simple phenolic compounds as well, as long as these have at least one accessible hydroxyl group. The phosphorylated compounds according to the invention can be used as antioxidants, as radical scavengers, as complexating agents for metals and proteins, as antibacterials or antiallergenic compounds, and as agents to flock textile.
CN101019848B	Application of ferricitras in preparation of medicine to prevent and treat angiosteosis	The present invention relates to the application of ferric citrate in preparing medicine for preventing and treating calcification of blood vessel. The present invention has determined curative effect. Experiment proves that ferric citrate can intervene calcification of blood vessel and inhibit calcification effectively, and may reverse calcification of blood vessel.
CN101019851B	Medium chain fatty acid liposome and its preparation	The present invention is medium chain fatty acid liposome and its preparation. The medium chain fatty acid liposome is prepared with medium chain fatty acid 1 weight portions, phospholipid 5-20 weight portions, cholesterol 1-8 weight portions, and surfactant 1-5 weight portions. The medium chain fatty acid liposome has the advantages of stable quality, small and homogeneous size, high bioavailability, and encapsulating rate over 70 %.
CN101020062A	Hydrophilic polyglycol supported ursolic acid medicines and their prepn process	The present invention is serial hydrophilic polyglycol supported ursolic acid medicines obtained through organic synthesis and polymerization to grafting hydrophilic polyglycol onto cyclohydroxy group of ursolic acid A. The structure analysis and experiments show that activated polyglycol is grafted successfully onto ursolic acid said water insoluble ursolic acid becomes water soluble polyglycol-ursolic acid. Polyglycol-ursolic acid has excellent blood compatibility and high physiological activity, so that polyglycol supported ursolic acid medicines may be prepared into different forms, including injection, oral liquid, capsule, tablet, etc. The polyglycol has average molecular weight of 200-60,000.
CN101020700A	Ruthenium porphyrin complex and its prepn process and application as photosensitizer for photodynamic therapy	The present invention discloses ruthenium porphyrin complex and its preparation process and application as photosensitizer for photodynamic therapy. The ruthenium porphyrin complex with the structure as shown has ruthenium as the central metal ion, pyridyl radical containing asymmetrical porphyrin and its metal derivative as the ligand, and coordinate bond jointing the ruthenium pyridyl radical and the porphyrin ring. The ruthenium porphyrin complex of the present invention has determined composition, less toxic side effect and good absorption and metabolism in organism, and is suitable for use as photosensitizer for photodynamic therapy.
CN101023925A	Anti-cancer composition containing chemical-therapy synergistic agent	The present invention relates to an anti-cancer medicine composition containing chemotherapeutic synergist. Said anti-cancer medicine composition is a slow-release injection formed from slow-release microsphere and solvent. Said slow-release microsphere includes anti-cancer effective component and slow-release auxiliary material, and its solvent is a special solvent containing suspension adjuvant. The anti-cancer effective component is the combination of alkylation agent, purine analogues and/or hormones anti-cancer medicine and synergist, the slow-release auxiliary material is selected from one of polylactic acid and its copolymer, polylactic acid copolymer or mixture and sebacic acid or their combination. The suspension adjuvant is selected from carboxymethyl cellulose, etc. and its viscosity is 80 cp-3000 cp. Said medicine composition also can be made into slow-release implantation preparation.
CN101024604B	Novel dihydrochalcone compound separated and purified from drgon blood and preparation method thereof	The invention relates to a new dihydrochalcone compound that is separated and purified from Long Xuejie and the manufacture method. It adopts Long Xuejie as raw material, uses light petroleum and chloroform solvent to distill, decreases pressure and concentrating chloroform extractive, takes silica gel column or rapid silica gel chromatography and takes Sephadex LH-20 gelcolumn chromatography andseparating, purifies chromatogram, and finally gains dihydrochalcone compound. The chemical name is 4'- hydroxyl-2', 4- dimethoxy- dihydrochalcone. The compound has good effect to avoid platelet aggregation.
CN101032499A	Application of centella triterpenes in the preparing of medicine for preventing and curing liver fibrosis	The present invention discloses the application of asiaticoside in preparing medicine for preventing and treating hepatic fibrosis. By means of the effect of asiaticoside on hepatic fibrosis of rat, the present invention proves the effect of asiaticoside in antagonizing hepatic fibrosis. Therefore, asiaticoside may be used as the active component for medicine to treat hepatic fibrosis.
CN101037391A	Natural polyamines derivatives, preparation and application thereof	The invention discloses a natural polyamine derivant, which is described by the general formula: wherein, m=0 or 1, n=1 or 2, o=1 or 2. The invention synthesizes a polyamine framework and polyamine derivant with a new structure so as to broaden the research and application field of the polyamine. The structure of the inventive natural polyamine derivant is similar to the natural polyamine compound, which is used to produce targeting antineoplastic agents, antineoplastic agents precursor that can reduce the toxic and side-effect by selectively effecting to the polyamine passage of the tumor cells. The reacting art is easy to operate with a gentle condition and a high reaction yield.
CN101039902B	Aminoalcohol derivatives	The present invention relates to a compound of the formula [I]: wherein (a), in which -Y-, R<sup.
CN101039914A	Trifluoromethyl substituted benzamide as kinase inhibitors	The invention relates to trifluoromethyl substituted benzamide compounds of the formula (I), pharmaceuticals comprising these compounds, their use as or for the manufacture of pharmaceuticals, particularly as inhibitors of protein kinases and/or the treatment of a condition, disorder or disease state mediated by a protein kinase activity and/or a proliferative disease, methods of treatment comprising administering the compounds, especially of therapeutic and prophylactic treatment, methods for the manufacture of the compounds and novel intermediates and partial steps for their synthesis.
CN101040860A	Pharmaceutical composition for treatment of lower urinary tract diseases	The invention relates to a drug compound for treating disease of lower urinary tract, which comprises drug active component, drug carrier or shaping agent, wherein the drug active component is terraazoles and amiloripin. The disease of lower urinary tract relates to prostatitis increment, lower urinary tract syndrome and bladder excessive activities, in particular to treat lower urinary tract syndrome and bladder excessive activities induced by prostatitis increment. And the inventive drug can be used treat the high blood pressure concomitant with lower urinary tract, to effectively control blood pressure and resolve the lower urinary tract disease, compared with single terraazoles or amiloripin drug, to improve the health quality of patient.
CN101040869A	Nanometer elemental selenium coupled with liquid amino acid and the method for preparing and preserving the same	The invention discloses a method for preparing nanometer monomer selenium via coupling liquid amino acid, comprising that at normal temperature and normal pressure, adding vitamin C solution into amino acid solution, mixing uniformly and adding selenious anhydride or selenite solution until the product has held red, to obtain the liquid coupled product of amino acid and nanometer selenium. The nanometer monomer selenium can be used as medical health-care product to display the cooperation between amino acid and nanometer selenium, while the nanometer selenium gel has small diameter, narrow distribution and liquid storage, to develop oral, injection or the like.
CN101041074A	Anticancer compound including neoangiogenesis inhibitors and alkylate agent	The invention relates to an anti-cancer compound as a slow release injection which contains vessel restrainer and/or alkyl agent, formed by slow release micro ball and solvent. The slow release micro ball comprises the anti-cancer effective components and slow release findings, the solvent is a common solvent or a special solvent with suspending agent, while the viscosity of suspending agent is 100cp-3000cp (at 20-30Deg. C), selected from carboxymethyl cellulose, the anti-cancer effective component is the combination of vessel restrainer and/or the alkyl agent selected from nimuxitin, or the like, the slow release finding is selected from phosphate polyester as p (LAEG-EOP), p (DAPG-EOP), or the polyester or mixture of phosphate and polylactic acid, polyphenyl, 2-aliphatic acid, sebacic acid polyester, poly (erucic acid dimmer-sebacic acid) or poly (fumaric acid-sebacic acid). The anti-cancer compound can be made as slow release plant agent, to inject into cancer or around cancer to hold the effective drug density for more than 40 days, while it can significantly reduce the general reaction of drug and selectively strengthen the effect of non-surgery treatments as chemotherapy or the like.
CN101045060A	External use medicine containing tetramethylpyrazine GC glucocorticoid with its skin side-effects reducing obviously	An exterior-applied composite medicine for preventing and treating dermatopathy with obviously decreased by-effect contains ligustrazine and glucocorticoid.
CN101045155A	Method for the therapeutic management of extrauterine proliferation of endometrial tissue, chronic pelvic pain and fallopian tube obstruction	The present invention provides a method for therapeutic management of extrauterine proliferation of endometrial tissue, chronic pelvic pain and fallopian tube obstruction by short term induction treatment with an LH-RH antagonist for 4 to 12 weeks. According to another aspect of the present invention, the short term LH-RH treatment is followed by the combined or separate administration of one or more active agents selected from the group consisting of a contraceptive, preferably an oral contraceptive, a non-steroidal anti-rheumatic agent, an analgetic, an androgen other than a 17-alpha-alkyl substituted testosterone or any combinations thereof. According to a further aspect of the present invention a pharmaceutical composition comprising an LHRH antagonist and one or more active agents selected from the group consisting of a contraceptive, preferably an oral contraceptive, a non-steroidal anti-rheumatic agent, an analgetic, an androgen other than a 17-alpha-alkyl substituted testosterone or any combinations thereof are provided.
CN101050179A	2,3,4,5-tetrasubstituted derivatives of benzyl ethylene class, preparation method and application	This invention relates to 2, 3, 4, 5-tetrasubstituted phenyl propylene derivatives with cytotoxicity. This invention also relates to a method for preparing the derivatives, their drug compositions, and their pharmaceutical application. The derivatives can inhibit the bioactivity of prostate cancer cell (PC-3), nasopharyngeal cancer cell (CNE), oral epithelial cancer cell (KB), lung cancer cell (A549), liver cancer cell (BEL-7404), and cervical cancer cell (Hela), thus can be used as anti-tumor drugs.
CN101062049A	Medical combination of teniposide, the preparing method and the function thereof	The invention discloses a medicinal component of substitute nipa glycosides, which is characterized by the following: incorporating substitute nipa glycosides, Tuwen surface activator, assisting solvent and inorganic salt; choosing the assisting solvent as mixture of dimethyl ethanolamine and carbowax; choosing the inorganic salt from one or multiple common salt, potassium chloride, sulphate and sulphate; setting this component as injection or freeze dry powder needle; adding into Tuwen and the assisting dissolvent; adding into the inorganic salt at the same time; increasing solubility of substitute nipa glycosides. This invention also relates to the preparing method and usage of this medicinal component.
CN101062118A	Chewing gum having functions of preventing and treating decayed tooth and the preparing method thereof	The invention relates to a chewing gum for preventing caries and process for preparation, wherein the chewing gum is prepared from green tea polyphenols, powder of honeysuckle flower, giant knotweed rhizome powder, vitamin C, phosphatide, xylitol, glue base and flavoring essence through mixing homogeneously.
CN101062936A	Novel betulic acid type triterpenoid	The invention discloses a betulic acid type triterpenoid, which is characterized by the following: making the chemical structural formula as picture; possessing strong against HIV active with EC50 less than 0. 064mug/ml, CC50 as 98. 43 mug/ml and Ti as 1538; overcoming the problem of easy to generate drug tolerance. This invention is preparing clinical test, which will possess important meaning for against HIV new medicine exploitation.
CN101062937A	18alpha- liquorice acid derivatives and preparation thereof	The invention relates to a preparing method of glycyrrhizic acid derivant and usage.
CN101073667A	Enhancer for antibody to lymphocytic tumors	An enhancer, for treatment of lymphocytic tumors, of an antibody that specifically binds to protein having the amino acid sequence as set forth in SEQ ID NO: 1 and that has a cytotoxic activity, said enhancer comprising a biological response modifier as an active ingredient.
CN101074227B	Phosphine acyloxy quinazoline derivatives and their medicine uses	The present invention relates to particular quinazoline derivatives useful as intermediates in the preparation of compounds of formula (I): wherein A is 5-membered heteroaryl containing a nitrogen atom and one or two further nitrogen atoms.
CN101074259A	Saponin compound, its production and use	A saponin compound, its production and use are disclosed. The process is carried out by extracting while separating from gray coactus honeysuckle bud and purifying to obtain gray coactus lonicerin. It is made in vitro-inhibiting experiment and experiment for mouse dimethyl benzene inflammation. It can be used as PlA2 inhibitor and anti-inflammatory medicine.
CN101076520B	Imidazoline derivatives having cb1-antagonistic activity	The present invention relates to 1,2,4-tri-substituted imidazoline derivatives, to methods for the preparation of these compounds, to novel intermediates useful for the synthesis of said imidazoline derivatives, to methods for the preparation of these intermediates, to pharmaceutical compositions containing one or more of these imidazoline derivatives as active ingredient, as well as to the use of these pharmaceutical compositions for the treatment of psychiatric and neurological disorders. The compounds have the general formula (I) wherein the symbols have the meanings given in the specification.
CN101081211A	Water indissoluble carbostyrile compound injection and method for preparing the same	The present invention relates to injection of water insoluble quinolone compound, such as Tosufloxacin besilate and prulifloxicin.
CN101084889B	Ginkgolide freezing-dried powder injection and preparation method thereof	The invention discloses a bilobalide pharmaceutical preparation and its preparation method, more specifically relates to a bilobalide freeze-dried injection and its preparation method. The bilobalide freeze-dried injection comprises bilobalide, metal alcali or meglumine, and povidone. The preparation method comprises the following steps weighing metal alcali or meglumine, manna sugar and povidone, adding water for injection, heating, stirring for dissolving, adding bilobalide, stirring until all the material is dissolved, cooling to room temperature, regulating pH to 7-10, filtering, and freeze drying. The invention solves the problem of redissolution of bilobalide freeze-dry powder in application.
CN101084906A	New use of medicine containing benzophen [C] anthridine alkaloid and its derivatives	The invention discloses a new use of phenanthridine biologic alcali of general formula I containing coumarone and its derivant in preparing anti-hepatitis b virus medicament.The biologic alcali has tumor cell apoptosis inducing effect, has strong inhibiting activity against to such pathogen, has antiviral effect, and is expected for treating liver cancer, wherein R1 to R10, R12 and R13 is hydrogen, hydroxy, carbon chain or naphthenic base with 1-12 carbon atoms, alkoxyl or acyloxy group, benzyloxy, chlorine and other halogen atoms, amino group, methylol, aldehyde group, carbonyl, acetonyl, carboxy, sulacyloxy, 4-methyl-benzenesulfonyloxyl, arylsulfonyloxy, diphenylphosphonoxyl,  -OCONH2; R11 is hydrogen, methyl or oxygen atom; R14 and R15 are respectively hydrogen or methyl.
CN101092433A	Cis [( trans 1R, 2R 1,2 cyclohexane diamine) .(beta C phenyl isosuccinic acid radical) platinum ( )] complexes, and usage as anticancer medicine	This invention relates to a novel Pt complex, cis-[(trans-1R,2R-1,2-cyclohexane diamine).(beta-phenyl isosuccinic acid)Pt(II)]. The method comprises: reacting K2PtCl4 and KI to obtain K2PtI4, reacting with carrying group A2 (trans-1R, 2R-1, 2-cyclohexane diamine) to obtain cis-[Pt (II) A2I2] intermediate, quatitatively reacting with AgNO3, filtering to separate AgI, adding disodium beta-phenyl isosuccinate into the mother liquor to precipitate the Pt complex, and recrystallizing in a system of water and DMSO (1:1) to obtain the pure product. The Pt complex has such advantages as high anticancer activity, high stability and easy preparation, and can be used for treating cancers. The IC50 of the Pt complex is obviously lower than that of cisplatin, carboplatin and any other complex of the same kind.
CN101095675A	Dipeptidyl peptidase IV effectors	The invention relates to dipeptide compounds or compounds analogous to dipeptide compounds, which are made of an amino acid and a thiazolidine or pyrrolidine group, and to their salts. The invention further relates to the use of these compounds in the treatment of impaired glucose tolerance, glucosuria, hyperlipidemia, metabolic acidoses, diabetes mellitus, diabetic neuropathy and nephropathy as well as secondary diseases of diabetes mellitus in mammals.
CN101098867B	Substituted sulfoxide compound and its preparing method and application	The present invention discloses an optical pure compound in Formula I, the salt and the solvate which are acceptable for the medicine of the compound, and the usage of the salt and the solvate in preparing medicine and medicine compound. The present invention also provides the preparation method for the compound defined in the invention.
CN101104864B	Method for preparing epothilones B	The invention relates to a preparation method of epothilones B. In particularly, the invention provides a technique method to prepare epothilones B through adopting 100 to 500 liters fermentor to ferment and to separate epothilones B in large scale. The invention also relates to the preparation and application of epothilones B in preparation of gleevec resistance chronic myeloid leukemia treatment drug.
