CA2077637C	Compositions comprising a tramadol material and any of codeine, oxycodone or hydrocodone and their use	This invention relates to compositions comprising a tramadol material and any of codeine, oxycodone or hydrocodone, and their use.     The compositions are pharmacologically useful in treating pain, diarrhea and tussive conditions. The compositions are also subject to less side-effects as compared to pure opiate based compositions, such as abuse liability, tolerance, constipation and respiratory depression. Furthermore, where the components, i.e., a tramadol material and any of codeine, oxycodone or hydrocodone, of the compositions are within certain ratios the pharmacological effects of the compositions are superadditive (synergistic).
CA2100514C	17-spiromethylene steroids	The invention relates to a steroid derivative which steroidal skeleton is bound at carbon atom 17 to a spiromethylene ring of the formula: <See formula I> wherein R a and R b are independently selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, methyl, and halogen; m is 1 or 2; and the asterisk denotes carbon atom 2 of the spiromethylene ring which is carbon atom 17 (or carbon atom 17.alpha. of a homosteroid skeleton) of the steroid. The steroids have progestational or antiprogestational activity.
CA2104399C	Antiviral activity and resolution of 2-hydroxymethyl-5-(5-fluorocytosin-1-yl)-1,3-oxathiolane	A method and composition for the treatment of HIV and HBV infections in humans is disclosed that includes administering an effective amount of 2-hydroxymethyl-5-(5-fluorocytosin-1-yl)-1.3-oxathiolane, a pharmaceutically acceptable derivative thereof, including a 5' or N4 alkylated or acylated derivative, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, in a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier. A process for the resolution of a racemic mixture of nucleoside enantiomers is also disclosed that includes the step of exposing the racemic mixture to an enzyme that preferentially catalyzes a reaction in one of the enantiomers.
CA2106642C	Carbazolone derivatives and process for preparing the same	The invention relates to carbazolone derivatives of the formula   wherein A represents a group of formula   wherein R represents a hydroxyl or 2-methyl-1H-imidazol-1-yl group;     B represents a group of formula   wherein R1 represents hydrogen or a methyl or ethyl group; or A and B together form a group of formula   wherein R2 means a methyl or ethyl group; or A and B together form a group of formula   The above compounds are useful intermediates in the: syn-thesis of ondansetron of formula   chemically 9-methyl-3-[(2-methyl-1H-imidazol-1-yl)methyl]--1,2,3,9-tetrahydro-4H-carbazol-4-one.     The invention further relates to a novel process for the preparation of compounds of the formula (I), wherein A and Bare the same as in formula (I) but B may be also hydrogen.     Thus, this novel process is suitable for the preparation of ondansetron itself.
CA2143752C	Method of preventing nmda receptor-mediated neuronal damage	Disclosed is a method for reducing non-ischemic NMDA receptor-mediated neuronal damage in a mammal by administering to the mammal a compound of the formula shown in Fig. 1 (or a physiologically-acceptable salt thereof), wherein R1 includes an amino group, R2-R17 are independently H or a short chain aliphatic group comprising 1-5 carbons, and R4 and R10 also may (independently) be a halogen or an acyl group. Also disclosed is a screen for antagonists of NMDA receptor mediated neurotoxicity which have an enhanced prospect for being clinically tolerated and selective against such neurotoxicity.
CA2151377C	Aminomethylindans, -benzofurans and -benzothiophenes	Compound having general formula (I) wherein one of X and Y is CH2 and the other one is CH2, O or S; R1 is an aliphatic hydrocarbon group, arylalkyl, aryl, a sulphonyl group, a carbonate group or R11R12NCO- where R11 and R12 are selected form hydrogen and a hydrocarbon group; R2 is hydrogen or a hydrocarbon group; R3-R5 an independently selected from hydrogen, halogen, alkyl, alkoxy, alkylthio, hydroxy, alkylsulphonyl, cyano, trifluoromethyl, cycloalkyl, cycloalkylalkyl or nitro; R6 and R7 are each hydrogen or lower alkyl or they are linked together to constitute a carbocyclic ring; R8 and R9 are independently hydrogen, a hydrocarbon group or a group 1a wherein R13 is hydrogen, or a hydrocarbon group, W is O or S, and r is 2-6; R8 and R9 are linked together thereby forming alkylene group;have effect at central 5-HT1A receptors and are useful in the treatment of psychosis, anxiety disorders, depression, impulse control disorders, alcohol abuse, aggression, ischaemic diseases, side effects induced by conventional antipsychotic agents or cardiovascular disorders.
CA2163175C	Anti-viral aromatic o-alkylated oximes, ethers and thioethers	Compounds of the formula (see formula I) wherein Q is (see formula II) or -XR' ; X is oxygen or sulphur;  R1 is hydrogen, halogen, C1-C4 alkyl or C1-C4 alkoxy; R2 is hydrogen, halogen, C1-C4 alkyl, C1-C4 alkoxy, C3-C4 alkenyloxy, C3-C4 alkynyloxy, mono-, di- or tri-halomethyl, trifuluoromethoxy, C1-C4 alkylthio, C3-C4 branched alkylthio, nitro, or cyano;  R3 is hydrogen or C1-C4 alkyl;  R 4 is C3-C6 alkenyl, C3-C6 alkynyl, C1-C8 haloalkyl, C1-C8 alkoxyalkyl, C1-C8 alkylthioalkyl, C1-C8 hydroxyalkyl, C1-C8 acyloxyalkyl, C1-C8 aroyloxyalkyl, C1-C8 carboxyalkyl, C1-C8 alkylcarboxyalkyl, C6-C12 arylcarboxyalkyl, C1-C8 aminoalkyl, C1-C8 alkylaminoalkyl, C1-C8 dialkylaminoalkyl, C1-C8 trialkylsilylalkyl, wherein each of the aforementioned alkyl moieties may be straight-chain or branched; C3-C8 cycloalkyl, C1-C6 alkylphenyl, C7-C12 arylalkyl, C7-C12 alkarylalkyl, or heterocyclylalkyl, wherein the heterocyclic moiety is morpholinyl, piperidinyl, pyrrolidinyl, piperazinyl, oxiranyl, oxetanyl, furanyl, tetrahydropyranyl or tetrahydrofuranyl;  R' is C1-C8 haloalkyl, C1-C8 alkoxyalkyl, C1-C8 alkylthioalkyl, C1-C8 hydroxyalkyl, C1-C8 acyloxyalkyl, C1-C8 aroyloxyalkyl, C1-C8 aminoalkyl, C1-C8 alkylaminoalkyl, C1-C8 dialkylaminoalkyl, C1-C8 trialkylsilylalkyl, wherein each of the aforementioned alkyl moieties may be straight-chain or branched; C1-C6 alkylphenyl, C7-C12 arylalkyl, C7-C12 alkarylalkyl, or heterocyclylalkyl, wherein the heterocyclic moiety is morpholinyl, piperidinyl, pyrrolidinyl, piperazinyl, oxiranyl, oxetanyl, furanyl, tetrahydropyranyl or tetrahydrofuranyl;  R5 is hydrogen, halo, methyl, mono-, di- or tri-halomethyl; and R6 is an aliphatic or cyclic side chain as defined herein.  These compounds are useful for inhibiting the growth or replication of retroviruses such as HIV.
CA2173116C	Ring-expanded nucleosides and nucleotides	The present invention relates to compositions comprising analogues of purine nucleosides containing a ring-expanded ("fat") heterocyclic ring, in place of purine, and an unmodified or modified sugar residue, pharmaceutically acceptable derivatives of such compositions, as well as methods of use thereof.  In particular, these compositions may be utilized in the treatment of certain cancers, bacterial, fungal, parasitic, and virai infections, including, but not limited to, Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome (AIDS) and hepatitis.
CA2176392C	Use of 2-amino purine derivatives for the treatment and prophylaxis of human herpes virus 7 infection	The use of a compound of formula (A), or a bioprecursor, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt, phosphate ester and/or acyl deriva-tive of either of the foregoing in the manufacture of a medicament for use in the treatment (including prophylaxis) of HHV-7 infection.
CA2176796C	Substituted benzyloxycarbonylguanidines, process for their preparation, their use as a medicament or diagnostic, and medicament containing them	There are described compounds of the formula I (see formula I) and their pharmaceutically tolerable salts. These are effective inhibitors of the cellular sodium proton antiporter (Na+/H+ exchanger). They are therefore outstandingly suitable for the treatment of all diseases which can be attributed to increased Na+/H+ exchange.
CA2183620C	Sustained release composition	This invention provides a sustained release composition comprising a PLGA matrix, a bioactive agent, and a quaternary ammonium surfactant, in which the release profile of the bioactive agent from the PLGA matrix is controlled by the concentration of the quaternary ammonium surfactant.
CA2185015C	Novel silyl compounds and their use	The invention describes a process for the epimer enrichment of compounds of formula (I) by silylation, fractionated crystallization and acid hydrolysis.
CA2188267C	Use of tetrahydropteridine derivatives as no-synthase inhibitors	The present invention relates to the use of pteridine derivatives of the formula I    in which X is 0 or NH and R4, for example, is hydrogen, phenyl or the radical R4a-CH2- and R4a, for example, is hydrogen, (C1-C4)-alkylmercapto, the radical -NR11R12 or the radical -OR13, and in which R1, R2, R3, R5, R6, R7, R11, R12 and R13 have the meanings given in claim 1, which are nitric oxide synthase inhibitors, for the treatment of diseases which are caused by an increased nitric oxide level.
CA2189221C	Substituted sulfonimidamides, processes for their preparation, their use as a medicament or diagnostic, and medicament comprising them	Substituted sulfonimidamides, processes for their preparation, their use as a medicament or diagnostic, and medicament comprising them Sulfonimidamides of the formula I(see formula I) in which at least one of the three substituents R(1), R(2) and R(3) is a benzoylguanidine, and in which the other substituents have the meanings indicated in the claims, are outstandingly suitable as medicaments having action on the cardiovascular system; that is as antiarrhythmic pharmaceuticals having a cardioprotective component as well as for treating ischemically induced damage; also in operative interventions, such as organ transplantation.
CA2211982C	Substituted indanylidineacetylguanidines, process for their preparation,their use as medicaments or diagnostic and medicaments containing them	Indanylidineacetylguanidines I (see formula I) and their pharmaceutically acceptable salts wherein R1, R2, R3, R4, R5, R6, R7, R8, R9, R10 and X have the meanings given in the claims, are effective inhibitors of the cellular sodium/proton antiport (Na +/H + exchanger), which, in numerous diseases (essential hypertension, atherosclerosis, diabetes and the like) is also increased in those cells which are readily accessible for measurements, such as, for example, in erythrocytes, platelets or leukocytes. They are also advantageous for the preparation of a medicament for the treatment or prophylaxis of disorders of lipid metabolism.
CA2218553C	2,4-dichlorobenzyl alcohol and amylmetacresol against hiv infection	The use of a composition comprising 2,4-dichlorobenzyl alcohol and amylmetacresol in the preparation of a medicament for the treatment or prevention of HIV viral infections.
CA2222964C	Oxygen activatable formulations for disinfection or sterilization	Methods and composition are disclosed for producing air-activated, i.e., oxygen activated, disinfectant-sterilent solutions. Solutions containing a haloperoxidase (i.e., a halide: hydrogen peroxide oxidoreductase, such as myeloperoxidase, eosinophil peroxidase or lactoperoxidase) plus a halide or combination of halides (i.e., chloride, bromide and/or iodide), an oxidase (i.e., a substrate: oxygen oxidoreductase) capable of generating hydrogen peroxide, and a substrate specific for that oxidase, are separately prepared under aerobic conditions, but all of the component solutions are made anaerobic prior to final combination and mixing. The anaerobic formulations are dispensed into containers capable of maintaining the anaerobic condition (e.g., pressurized canisters). Dispensing the solution at the time of use exposes the formulation to air (i.e., oxygen) which activates its disinfectant-sterilent properties.
CA2224369C	Aromatic acid diamides with antigastrin activity, a method for their preparation and their pharmaceutical use	Aromatic acid diamide compounds with antigastrin activity are described which may be represented by general formula (I), in which Ar is a phenyl group or an unsubstituted pyridyl group or a pyridyl group mono- or disubstituted with a group selected independently from C1-C4 alkyl, C1-C4 alkoxy, phenyl, cyano, nitro, amino, hydroxyl, or halogens or a naphthyl group, a quinolinyl group.
CA2224426C	Cis-9,10-octadecenoamidase	The soporific activity of cis-9,10-octadecenoamide and other soporific fatty acid primary amides is neutralized by hydrolysis in the presence of cis-9,10-octadecenoamidase. Hydrolysis of cis-9,10-octadecenoamide leads to the formation of oleic acid, a compound without soporific activity. Inhibitors of cis-9,10-octadecenoamidase are disclosed to block this activity.
CA2225822C	Nitroimidazole antibacterial compounds and methods of use thereof	Methods, compounds and compositions are provided for inhibiting the growth of pathogenic microbes in vitro and of treatment of pathogenic bacterial infections, such as mycobacterial, Clostridium, Cryptosporidium and Helicobacter infections, in vivo using bicyclic nitroimidazole compounds of the formula (II): (see formula II) The methods, compounds and compositions are particularly useful for inhibiting the growth of Mycobacterium tuberculosis, Clostridium difficile, Cryptosporidium parvum, and Helicobacter pylori, and may be used alone, or in combination with other antimicrobial agents.
CA2230960C	Piperazine derivatives and process for the preparation thereof	The present invention relates to new piperazine derivatives having the general formula (I):    wherein R1 or a R2 are the same or different or a each represent a hydrogen atom, a substituted or unsub-stituted C1-C8 alkyl group, a substituted or unsub-stituted C3-C6 cycloalkyl group, a substituted or unsubstituted C2-C8 unsaturated alkyl. group, a ketone group, a substituted or unsubstituted aryl group, a substituted or unsubstituted C1-C4 alkoxy group, a substituted or unsubstituted arylhydroxy group, a substituted or unsubstituted amino group, a C1-C4 ester group, a C1-C4 thioester group, a thiol group, a substituted or unsubstituted carboxyl. group, an epoxy group, or a substituted or unsubstituted C1-C4 thio-alkoxy group, or R1 or a R2 are fused to form a C3-C4 saturated or unsaturated chain; R3, R4, R5, R6 or a R7 are the same or different or a each represent a hydrogen atom, a halogen atom, a hydroxy group, a nitro group, a C1-C4 ester group, a lower alkyl group, a C1-C4 thio-alkyl group, a substituted or unsubstituted C3-C6 cycloalkyl group, a lower alkoxy group, a C1-C4 thioalkoxy group, a substituted or unsubstituted aryl group, a substituted or unsubstituted lower arylalkoxy group, a substituted or unsubstituted lower alkylamino group, or a lower alkyl substituted or unsubstituted carbamate group; or two adjacent groups among R3, R4, R5, R6 or a R7 are bonded with each other to form a 1,2-phenylene or 2,3-naphthylene group; X is an oxygen or sulfur atom, or a substituted or unsubstituted imino group; Y is bonded at the 3-position or 4-position of the aromatic ring or a represents an oxygen atom or -NR8- in which R8 has the same meaning as R3; Z is a hydroxy group, a lower alkoxy group, a C1-C4 thioalkoxy group, a substituted or unsubstituted aryloxy group, a lower alkylamino group, or a substituted or unsubsti-tuted cycloamino containing 1-5 nitrogen atoms; A is a nitrogen atom or -CH=; or a their pharmaceutically acceptable acid addition salt. The compounds of formula (i) are useful for the prevention or treatment of tumors in mammals.
CA2255521C	Compositions for treatment of burns	The present invention is directed to a composition for treating burns. The composition comprises a therapeutically effective amount of a weak organic acid compatible with human skin, in a suitable carrier delivered at pH 2.5-4.5. The weak organic acid is preferably acetic acid or citric acid and the suitable carrier is preferably an aqueous based carrier, more preferably a gel form, utilizing a Carbopol.TM. as a gelling agent. The composition may also include one or more other agents selected from sun blocking agents, skin moisturizing agents and herb extracts.
CA2257121C	Methods and compositions for treating urinary incontinence using optically pure (s)-oxybutynin	A method for treating urinary incontinence while avoiding concomitant liability of adverse effects associated with racemic oxybutynin is disclosed. The method comprises administering from 100 mg to 1 000 mg/day of (S)-oxybutynin, (S)-desethyloxybutynin or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, substantially free of the corresponding R enantiomer. Pharmaceutical compositions in the form of tablets soft elastic gelatin capsules and transdermal devices comprising an acceptable corner and up to 500 mg of (S)-oxybutynin or (S)-desethyloxybutynin are also disclosed.
CA2276694C	New fatty acid derivatives	The properties of biologically active compounds, for example drugs and agrochemicals, which contain in their molecular structure one or more functional groups selected from alcohol, ether, phenyl, amino, amido, thiol, carboxylic acid and carboxylic acid ester groups are modified by replacing one or more of these functional groups by a lipophilic group selected from those of the formula: RCOO-, RCONH-, RCOS-, RCH2O-, RCH2NH-, -COOCH2R, -CONHCH2R and -SCH2R, wherein R is a lipophilic moiety selected from cis-8-heptadecenyl, trans-8-heptadecenyl, cis-10-nonadecenyl and trans-10-nonadecenyl.
CA2288726C	Eyedrops containing a loratadine metabolite	An ophthalmic solution containing a compound represented by formula I: (see figure I) wherein X represents a halogen atom or a hydrogen atom, is disclosed.
CA2291391C	An evacuant	Disclosed is an evacuant possessing a sufficient evacuating effect in a small dose substantially without accompanying any irritation to bowel, irrespective of whether its preparations are in the form of tablets, liquids or elixirs, and having a suppressing action to odor of feces. This evacuant is characterized by containing an active magnesium oxide which has a BET value (surface area in terms of m2/g) of at least 21, preferably 21-50, more preferably 30-40 and is excellent in acid reactivity, and may preferably be incorporated with lactic acid bacteria, a mixture of sporolactobacteria and yeast extracts and/or oligosaccharides. The preparations are preferably in the form of liquids, granules, tablets and capsules.
CA2294086C	Palatable elemental medical food	This invention relates to a palatable elemental nutritional formula that is nutritionally complete for humans with specialized dietary needs. The nutritional of the present invention uses specific free amino acids to provide the source of amino nitrogen (protein equivalents) and a special blend of fats that provides 38 to 50 % of the total calories in a pleasant tasting formula. The nutritionally complete formula of this invention is useful for children having multiple protein allergies, short gut syndrome, sick gut, diarrhea and the like. More specifically, the nutritional product, in accordance with this invention, utilizes L-asparagine monohydrochloride and L-glutamine in place of L-aspartic acid and L-glutamic acid, respectively. In addition, the source of fat comprises soy, fractionated coconut oil (medium chain triglycerides), high oleic safflower oil and esterified glycerol emulsifiers. The level of fat calories is about 38 to 50 % of total calories, which produces a product having a low osmolarity and provides required energy requirements in a small volume.
CA2299423C	Taste-masked pharmaceutical composition	A chewable dosage form containing a histamine H2-receptor antagonist in an amount which is effective to treat a gastrointestinal disorder is provided in a palatably acceptable form. The dosage form comprises granules containing the histamine H2--receptor antagonist, which are provided with a taste-masking coating comprising a water-insoluble, water-permeable methacrylate ester copolymer in which the coating is applied to the granules in an amount which provides a taste-masking effect for a relatively short period during which the composition is being chewed by a patient, but which allows substantially immediate release of the histamine H2-receptor antagonist after the composition has been chewed and ingested.
CA2302445C	New taxane derivatives	This invention relates to a taxane derivative represented by the following formula (1): (see formula (1) (wherein A represents a substituted piperazino or piperidino group, X represents an alkyl, pyridyl, thienyl, furyl, cycloalkyloxy or the like and Y represents H or trialkylsilyl) and also to a drug containing the same.   This compound has high solubility in water and also has excellent antitumor activities.
CA2303509C	Modified timp	The present invention provides a novel modified TIMP wherein the NH2-terminal .alpha.-amino group thereof is modified with an electron-accepting group to substantially lose the ability to bind to a metalloproteinase.
CA2308315C	N,n'-bis(sulfonyl)hydrazines useful as antineoplastic agents	The present invention relates to a compound of formula (I) wherein R1 and R2 are selected from lower alkyl groups having 1-6 carbon atoms, substituted or unsubstituted aryl groups, and unsaturated alkyl groups having 1-6 carbon atoms; R3 is a substituted or unsubstituted lower alkyl group having 1-6 carbons; and R4 is selected from substituted or unsubstituted lower alkyl groups having 1-6 carbon atoms, substituted or unsubstituted aryl groups, and unsaturated alkyl groups having 1-6 carbon atoms. The present invention also relates to a pharmaceutical composition comprising the above compound, as well as a method of treating tumor cells with the compound.
CA2309256C	Chemical synthesis of 6-o-alkyl erythromycin a	A process of preparing 6-O-alkyl erythromycin A is provided. The process includes the steps of protecting the oxime hydroxyl of 9-oxime erythromycin A with a benzoyl protecting group, protecting the 2'-hydroxyl group and optionally the 4'-hydroxyl group with an O-protecting group, alkylating the 6-hydroxyl, removing the benzoyl and O-protecting groups and deoximating the 9-oxime.
CA2315835C	New crystalline form of 1-methyl-5-p-toluoylpyrrole-2-acetamidoacetic   acid guaiacyl ester	A new crystalline form of 1-methyl-5-p-toluoylpyrrole-2-acetamidoacetic acid guaiacyl ester, a process for its preparation and pharmaceutical compositions endowed of antiinflammatory, analgesic and antipyretic activity containing same are disclosed.
CA2318184C	Substituted 5-(2,2-difluoro-1,3-benzodioxol-5-yl) cyclopentenopyridine derivative as selective endothelin antagonists	The present invention relates to a cyclopentenopyridine derivative represented by general formula [I] or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof: (see formula I) wherein Ar is a phenyl group or the like, R1 is a mono-or di-C1-C6 alkylamino group or the like, and R2 is a hydroxyl group or the like, a process for its production and its use as endothelin antagonist.
CA2320288C	Oligodeoxyribonucleotides comprising o6-benzylguanine and their use	The present invention provides a single-stranded oligodeoxyribonucleotide, which (i) comprises from about 5 to 11 bases, at least one of which is a substituted or an unsubstituted O6-benzylguanine, and (ii) inactivates human AGT. The present invention also provides a single-stranded oligodeoxyribonucleotide, which can inactivate a mutant human AGT, which either is not inactivated by O6-benzylguanine or is less inactivated by O6-benzylguanine than by said single-stranded oligodeoxyribonucleotide. A phosphate of the single-stranded oligodeoxyribonucleotide can be replaced by a methylphosphonate or a phosphorothioate. The present invention also provides a composition comprising such an oligodeoxyribonucleotide. In addition, the present invention provides a method of enhancing the effect of an antineoplastic alkylating agent, which alkylates the O6 position of guanine residues in DNA, in the chemotherapeutic treatment of cancer in a mammal, which method comprises the co-administration to the mammal of a cancer-treatment effective amount of an antineoplastic alkylating agent and a chemotherapeutic treatment-enhancing amount of a present inventive oligodeoxyribonucleotide or composition thereof.
CA2323839C	Treatment of neuropathy	This invention relates to the use of cyclic guanosine 3', 5'-monophosphate phosphodiesterase type five (cGMP PDE5) inhibitors, including in particular the compound sildenafil, in combination with gabapentin or pregabalin, which may be used for the treatment of neuropathy, including in particular the treatment of diabetic neuropathy.
CA2330128C	Food compositions, compositions for oral cavity and medicinal compositions for preventing or treating periodontosis and method for preventing or treating periodontosis	Food compositions, compositions for the oral cavity and medicinal compositions for preventing or treating periodontosis which contain (A) one or more components selected from among natural polyphenol-containing extracts, and (B) one or more components selected from the group consisting of vitamin C, vitamin E, vitamin A and .beta.-carotene; and a method for preventing or treating periodontosis with the use of these compositions.
CA2331471C	Compounds with an antioxidant activity, compositions useful as food integrators containing them and process for their preparation	The present invention relates to the use of a compound having general formula (I) as described hereunder (see formula I) wherein R = CH3 (FPB compound) for the preparation of compositions with an antioxidant activity for administering to human beings for therapeu-tic or nutritional purposes. The invention also relates to a process for the prepara-tion of a compound having general formula (I) as defined above characterized in that a cellular culture is ob-tained from an Ajuga reptans plant, said culture being subsequently subjected to cultivation under aerobic con-ditions, in a liquid medium containing assimilable carbon and nitrogen sources, and mineral salts.
CA2336799C	Improved stable topical ascorbic acid compositions	An ascorbic acid (Vitamin C) composition in a nonaqueous or substantially anhydrous silicone vehicle has superior stability. Particulate ascorbic acid is substantially insoluble in the disclosed polyorganosiloxane vehicles, and the vehicle substantially excludes environmental oxygen. The ascorbic acid particles have surprisingly been found to have a high degree of bioavailability and effectiveness, for example in topical applications to reduce wrinkles and increase collagen growth and elasticity.
CA2347950C	Pyrazolopyrimidinone cgmp pde5 inhibitors for the treatment of sexual dysfunction	There is provided compounds of formula (IA) and of Formula (IB), wherein R1, R2, R3, R4 and A have meanings given in the description, which are useful in the curative and prophylactic treatment of medical conditions for which inhibition of a cyclic guanosine 3',5'-monophosphate phosphodiesterase (e.g. cGMP PDE5) is desired.
CA2347981C	Process for the manufacturing of alkaline salts of substituted sulphinyl compounds and products prepared thereby	Process for the manufacturing of slightly soluble or less soluble alkaline salts of substituted sulphinyl heterocycles containing an imidazole moiety with formula (I), preferably alkaline salts of a proton pump inhibitor compound, wherein the process comprises the step of reacting the substituted sulphinyl heterocycle of formula (I) with a source of the cation in the presence of a base, characterized by a washing step in which the prepared alkaline salt of the substituted sulphinyl compound is washed with a basic aqueous solvent mixture. The obtained bulk drug substance resulting in a bulk product that in an aqueous suspension of the substituted sulphinyl heterocycle having a pH not significantly lower than that of a saturated water solution of the pure compound prepared. Alternatively, the process for manufacturing a pharmaceutical dosage form comprising the active substance could be adjusted. For instance the pH of an aqueous suspension of the active substance is adjusted to a pH not significantly lower than that of a saturated water solution of the pure compound. The processes are preferably useful in the manufacturing of omeprazole magnesium salt or magnesium salt of one of its single enantiomers used in pharmaceutical dosage forms.
CA2366186C	Retinoid antagonists and use thereof	The present invention relates to novel retinoid antagonists of the formula (I) wherein the dotted bond is optional; and, when the dotted bond is present, R1 is lower alkyl and R2 is hydrogen; and, when the dotted bond is absent, R1 and R2 taken together are methylene to form a cis-substituted cyclopropyl ring; R3 is hydroxy or lower alkoxy; R4 is alkyl or alkoxy; and R5 and R6 are, independently, a C4-12 alkyl group or a mono- or polycyclic C5-12-hydrocarbon group which are linked to the phenyl ring through a quaternary carbon atom, and pharmaceutically acceptable salts of carboxylic acids of formula (I); the use of retinoid antagonists, their pharmaceutically acceptable salts or pharmaceutically acceptable hydrolyzable esters, for the manufacture of a medicament for the treatment of T-helper cell type 2 (Th2)-mediated immune diseases, for the manufacture of a medicament for the treatment of osteoporosis and for use in the treatment of preneoplastic and neoplastic diseases.
CA2375671C	4-phenyl-pyrimidine derivatives	The invention relates to compounds of formula (I) wherein R1 is hydrogen or halogen; R2 is hydrogen, halogen, lower alkyl or lower alkoxy; R1 and R2 may be together with the two carbon atoms -CH=CH-CH=CH-; R3 is halogen, trifluoromethyl, lower alkyl or lower alkoxy; R4/R4' are independently from each other hydrogen or lower alkyl; R5 is lower alkyl, lower alkoxy, amino, phenyl, hydroxy-lower alkyl, cyano-lower alkyl, carbamoyl-lower alkyl, pyridyl, pyrimidyl, -(CH2)n-piperazinyl, which is optionally substituted by one or two lower alkyl groups or by hydroxy-lower alkyl, -(CH2)n-morpholinyl, -(CH2)n--piperidinyl, -(CH2)n+1-imidazolyl, lower alkyl-sulfanyl, lower alkyl-sulfonyl, benzylamino, -NH-(CH2)n+1N(R4")2, -(CH2)n+1N(R4")2, -O-(CH2)n+1-morpholinyl, -O-(CH2)n+1-piperidinyl or -O-(CH2)n+1N(R4")2, wherein R4" is hydrogen or lower alkyl; and n is 0- 2; X is -C(O)N(R4")- or -N(R4")C(O)-; and to pharmaceutically acceptable acid addition salts thereof. It has been shown that the compounds have a good affinity to the NK-1 receptor and may therefore be used for the treatment of diseases related to this receptor.
CA2382337C	Composition for treatment of infections of humans and animals	This disclosure provides pharmaceutical compositions which include oil extract from plants from the Labiatae family. In particular, the compositions can be formulated by combining extracts of essential oils from plants of the Labiatae family with an organic acid or a Group I salt. It is believed that the antimicrobial activity of the pharmaceutical composition is due to the presence of organic phenols, such as isopropyl-o-cresol, in the oil extract from the plants.
CA2394717C	Iron chelator delivery system	An iron chelator delivery system is disclosed. The system comprises iron chelator and a lipid carrier, e.g., a liposome. Methods for preparing and administering the iron chelator delivery system are also provided.
CA2396151C	Method for the antibiotic coating of bodies with interconnecting microcavities as well as coated bodies and their usage	The invention relates to a method for the antibiotic coating of bodies with interconnecting microcavities as well as bodies coated this way and their usage. The invented method is characterized in that in the microcavities of non-metallic bodies an aqueous solution 1, which contains at least one easily water-soluble antibiotic component from the groups of the aminoglycoside antibiotics, the tetracycline antibiotics, the lincosamide antibiotics and the 4-quinolone antibiotics, and an aqueous solution 2, which contains at least one easily water-soluble amphiphilic component from the groups of the alkyl sulfates, alkyl sulfonates, alkylaryl sulfates, dialkylaryl sulfates, alkylaryl sulfonates, dialkylaryl sulfonates, cycloalkyl sulfates, cycloalkyl sulfonates, alkylcycloalkyl sulfates, are introduced, wherein between the introduction of solutions 1 and 2 the water is basically removed through vaporization and/or evaporation, and whereby from the components of solutions 1 and 2 in the microcavities a deposit is formed, which is sparingly soluble in water.
CA2397594C	Ethanol solvate of (-)-cis-2-(2-chlorophenyl)-5,7-dihydroxy-8[4r-(3s-hydroxy-1-methyl)piperidinyl]-4h-1-benzopyran-4-one	An ethanol solvate form of (-)-cis-2-(2-chlorophenyl)-5,7-dihydroxy-8[4R-(3S--hydroxy-1-methyl)piperidinyl]-4H-1-benzopyran-4-one (Form II), a method of making Form II and a pharmaceutical composition comprising Form II for treating cancer.
CA2419877C	Storage stable tretinoin and 4-hydroxy anisole containing topical composition	A long-term storage stable tretinoin and 4-hydroxyanisole composition contains low molecular weight polyethylene glycol, antioxidant, a chelating agent, lower alkanol and water. The chelating agent provides at least two of the functions of oxygen scavaging, free radical chain terminating and reducing. The composition has a pH of 2.5 to 5 and a water content of at least 12%.
CA2454592C	Stable ready-to-use dosage forms containing coloring matter and active chlorine, and methods of making and using same as disinfectants	A method of producing a disinfectant or sterilizing liquid, cream, ointment, paste, or gel by dissolving in a solvent a stable ready-to-use dosage form containing coloring matter and an organic chloroxidizer acting as a chlorine donor releasing active chlorine. The coloring matter is in its maximal level of oxidation. The chloroxidizer with coloring matter has a pH of 4 - 8 and is present in a sufficient quantity to disinfect or sterilize the surface, vessel, or tissue as required while the colored appearance of the liquid, cream, ointment, paste, or gel is stably maintained over a period of time which exceeds the period of time that the disinfectant would be normally used for that purpose.
CA2456970C	Drug formulations for parenteral use	This invention relates to parenteral preparations of antiestrogens such as toremifene, desmethyl toremifene, tamoxifen or desmethyltamoxifen. The preparations can be emulsions, liposomes or aqueous solutions of cyclodextrin-drug complexes. Particularly the invention relates to a parenteral drug formulation comprising a complex having a 2-hydroxypropyl cyclodextrin component and including an active drug substance selected from the group consisting of toremifene, desmethyl toremifene, tamoxifen and desmethyltamoxifen or a pharmaceutically acceptable non-toxic salt thereof, said complex being present either in an aqueous solution or emulsion or loaded into a liposome.
CA2508180C	Dimetalhydroxy malates	Dimetalhydroxy malate compositions as well as methods of administering and making such bioavailable compositions are provided. The metal used can be any nutritionally relevant divalent metal such as calcium, magnesium, zinc, copper, manganese, and iron. The composition can be prepared by reacting malic acid with a divalent metal oxide or hydroxide at a 1:2 molar ratio. The composition can be administered to a warm-blooded animal by any of a number of known delivery routes, including oral delivery.
CA2533117A1	Combinations for the treatment of depression	It is intended to provide medicinal compositions and the like useful in treating depression which contain a compound having an antagonism to adenosine A2A receptor (for example, (E)-8-(3,4-dimethoxystyryl)-1,3-diethyl-7-methyl-3,7-dihydro-1H-purin-2,6-dione) or a pharmacologically acceptable salt thereof together with an antidepressant (for example, a tricyclic antidepressant, a tetracyclic antidepressant, a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor, a selective noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor, a dopamine reuptake inhibitor, a serotonin/noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor, a monoamine oxidase inhibitor or a serotonin 2 antagonist).
CA2538729A1	Compound and method for treating androgen-independent prostate cancer	The present invention provides compositions and methods for treating prostate cancer. The composition comprises a morpholino antisense compound having uncharged phosphorus-containing backbone linkages and a base sequence that is complementary to a target region containing at least 12 contiguous bases in a preprocessed or processed human androgen receptor transcript. The method is designed for treating prostate cancer in a subject having a hormone-refractory (androgen-independent) prostate cancer.
CA2552694A1	Kit comprising three independent compositions and methods for building muscle, increasing strength, increasing muscle size, increasing muscle performance and reducing muscle fatigue	A kit, and a method of using same, that comprises first, second and third components wherein the first, second and third components collectively comprise Glycine, Arginine, Leucine, Creatine, Alpha Lipoic Acid, and earth metal salts of Ketoisocaproic Acid. Use of the kit may enhance muscle performance, build muscle, increase muscle strength, increase muscle size and reduce muscle fatigue. The three compositions may be used in synergy so as to promote muscle anabolism, neutralize reactive oxygen species, and improve creatine uptake in muscle tissue. The method may also include a schedule for administering each composition to the user for optimal results.
CA2576022A1	Composition for accelerating calcium absorption	A composition for accelerating calcium absorption which contains a less absorbable L-form aldonic acid, a salt thereof, or a less absorbable L-form aldonolactone; and a food or beverage which contains L-arabonic acid, a salt thereof, or L-arabonolactone. Also provided is a process for producing L-arabono-.gamma.-lactone crystals, characterized by dissolving L-arabonic acid in an organic solvent and crystallizing the lactone from the solution. Thus, a food or medicine effective in the prevention or treatment of osteoporosis can be provided.
CA2577676A1	Process for production of microbial fat/oil containing discretional amount of diacylglycerol and said fat/oil	A process for producing a diacylglycerol-containing fat which contains a highly unsaturated fatty acid as a constituent fatty acid and in which the proportion of the diacylglycerol to all natural lipids is 20 wt.% or higher, characterized by incubating a microorganism capable of yielding the fat and collecting the fat according to need.
CA2582262A1	Medium-chain length fatty alcohols as stimulators of hematopoiesis	Medium-chain length fatty alcohols such as octanol, decanol, dodecanol, or analogues thereof can be used as a stimulator of hematopoiesis, hematopoietic stem cell proliferation, and/or proliferation of one or more of the progenitors of red or white blood cells (e.g., erythrocyte, leukocyte, neutrophil, granulocyte, megakaryocyte, or any combination thereof)- It also relates to the treatment of myelosuppression; in particular, this includes the treatment of anemia and/or neutropenia associated with chemotherapy and/or radiotherapy. Moreover, anemia arising from chronic renal failure or treatment of HIV-infected patients with AZT (zidovudine), or other inhibitors of reverse transcriptase, can be treated. Furthermore, neutropenia arising from infections, hematologic diseases, or nutritional deficiencies can be treated. It also relates to reducing drug toxicity and enhancing drug efficiency.
CA2582949A1	Liposomes with improved drug retention for treatment of cancer	The present invention relates to the use of copper ions to achieve enhanced retention of a therapeutic agent within a liposome. The invention may be employed to more effectively deliver a liposomally encapsulated therapeutic agent to a target site in vitro and in vivo for anti-cancer or other therapy. The liposome may comprise an interior buffer solution containing the therapeutic agent, the solution having a pH less than 6.5 and most preferably approximating pH 3.5. At least some of the copper ions are retained within the interior solution. In a particular embodiment the therapeutic agent may be a chemotherapeutic drug, such as irinotecan. The invention may also comprise an ionophore to facilitate loading of drug into the liposome. In one particular embodiment the combination of the ionophore A23187 and encapsulated divalent copper (Cu2+) resulted in an irinotecan formulation that exhibited surprisingly improved drug retention attributes.
CA2597798A1	Fluorinated phno and analogs thereof	This application describes fluormated (+)PHNO and analogs thereof, including radiolabeled analogs, of Formula (I), wherein R1 is C1-6 alkyl in which one hydrogen atom on the alkyl chain is replaced with fluoro or radioactive fluoro. The application further describes compositions comprising these compounds and methods of using these compounds The compounds of formula (I), have good affinity and selectivity for the dopamine D2 receptors and are therefore useful for the labelling of dopamine D2 receptors in vivo and for the identification and quantification of the extent of dopamine supersensitivity in the bram in various stages of a dopamine-related disease.
CA2615127A1	Methods of treating epileptogenesis	This invention is directed to methods for preventing, treating, reversing, inhibiting, or arresting epileptogenesis in a subject comprising administering to the subject in need thereof a therapeutically effective amount of a compound selected from the group consisting of Formula (I) and Formula (II), or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt or ester thereof,: Formula (I) Formula (II) wherein phenyl is substituted at X with one to five halogen atoms selected from the group consisting of fluorine, chlorine, bromine and iodine; and, R-i, R2, R3, R4, R5 and R6 are independently selected from the group consisting of hydrogen and CrC4 alkyl; wherein C1-C4 alkyl is optionally substituted with phenyl (wherein phenyl is optionally substituted with substituents independently selected from the group consisting of halogen, CrC4 alkyl, CrC4 alkoxy, amino, nitro and cyano).
CA2616222C	Method for producing tiotropium salts comprising an esterification reaction of methylscopinium and a dithienyl derivative	The invention provides a process for preparation of tiotropium salts of Formula 1 (see formula 1) wherein a compound of Formula 2 (see formula 2) is reacted in one step with a compound of Formula 3 (see formula 3) in the presence of a solvent and a catalyst selected from the group consisting of zeolites, alkoxides, lipases and tertiary amines to obtain a compound of Formula 4 (see formula 4) and without being isolated, the compound of Formula 4 is converted to the compound of Formula 1 with a salt of Formula cat+X-.
CA2652501C	Novel heterocyclic compound or salt thereof and intermediate thereof	Disclosed is a compound represented by the general formula (I):(see formula I) wherein R1 represents an aryl or heterocyclic group which may be substituted or the like; X1 represents a C2-C4 alkylene group or the like; X2, X3 and X5 independently represent NH, a bond or the like; X4 represents a lower alkylene group, a bond or the like; Y1 represents a bivalent alicyclic hydrocarbon residue which may be substituted or a bivalent alicyclic amine residue which may be substituted; and Z1, Z2, Z3, Z4, Z5 and Z6 independently represent a nitrogen atom, a group represented by the formula: CH, or the like, provided that at least one of Z3, Z4, Z5 and Z6 represents a nitrogen atom or a salt thereof, which is useful as an antibacterial agent.
CA2657592A1	Adhesive patch containing fentanyl or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof	An adhesive preparation comprising a support and a medicine-containing layer laminated on the support, wherein the medicine-containing layer comprises at least one compound selected from the group consisting of fentanyl and a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof and an adhesive agent comprising polyisobutylene and a silicon-containing polymer, and wherein the ratio of the polyisobutylene to the silicon-containing polymer in the adhesive agent is 20:1 to 7:3 by mass.
CA2662732A1	Use of a pharmaceutical composition comprising an anticholinergic for killing microorganisms and for treating respiratory tract infections	The present invention relates to the use of a compound of the formula (1) in which X- is a singly negatively charged anion, R is H, methyl or OH, R1 and R2 are identical or different, phenyl or thienyl, for producing a medicament for killing microorganisms and/or for producing a medicament for the treatment of respiratory tract infections caused by microorganisms.
CA2670440A1	Use of beta-lactamase	Class A beta-lactamase may be used for reducing side- effects in the intestine associated with antibiotic therapy with a combination of beta-iactam antibiotic and beta- lactamase inhibitor.
CA2675980A1	Use of dast for treatment of cancers with acquired resistance to kit inhibitors	The present invention provides compositions and uses thereof for treating cancers which have acquired resistance to a KIT inhibitor by administering effective amounts of DAST ( 4{4-[3-(4-chloro-3- trifluoromethylphenyf)-ureido]-3-fluorophenoxy}-pyridine -2-carboxylic acid methylamide.)
CA2678127A1	Tgf-beta stimulant and further agent to reduce side effects	The invention relates to the use of TGF-beta stimulating agents, and in particular members of the triphenylethylene class of pharmaceutical agents, for the prevention, prophylaxis, treatment or amelioration of symptoms of cardiovascular disease, autoimmune diseases or neurodegeneration. In particular, improved compositions consisting of triphenylethylene agents combined with one or more additional active pharmaceutical agents in order to mitigate against side-effects of the triphenylethylene are described and claimed.
CA2680502A1	Benzoyl free formula (bff) acne treatment solution	The invention is a spot treatment cream used once a day that clears acne in one week or less.
CA2695844A1	Treatments and prevention of hydrocephalus	The present invention relates to the prevention or treatment of hydrocephalus. In one embodiment, the invention includes the use of one or more bioavailable folate derivatives, or salts thereof, for the prevention or treatment of hydrocephalus. Examples of more bioavailable folate derivatives that may be used include any combination of: folinic acid, tetrahydrofolate, thymidine, 10-formyltetrahydrofolate or methyltetrahydrofolate, or salts thereof. The invention also relates to a composition comprising two or more bioavailable folate derivative(s); for example, folinic acid and tetrahydrofolate.
CA2703458A1	Phenylpyrrolidine compounds	This invention provides new phenylpyrrolidine compounds of general formula (I), their use for the treatment or prevention of melatoninergic disorders and its compositions.
CA2777406A1	Thiazolidinedione energy restriction-mimetic agents	A method of inhibiting glycolysis in a subject by administering a pharmaceutical composition including a thiazolidinedione derivative to the subject is described. The thiazolidinedione derivatives are effective energy restriction mimetic agents, and can therefore be used to treat or prevent cancer in a subject, treat metabolic disorder, or increase the longevity of a subject. Various thiazolidinedione derivatives are also suitable for activating adenosine phosphate-activated protein kinase or inhibiting IL-6 expression.
CA2834341A1	Oxidative retinal diseases	Some aspects of the invention provide for a method of treating Wet and/or Dry Age-related Macular Degeneration, Retinitis Pigmentosa, Diabetic Retinopathy, cataracts, and/or Stargardt Disease using polyunsaturated fatty acids which are modified in certain positions to attenuate oxidative damage by Reactive Oxygen Species (ROS) and/or suppress the rate of formation of reactive products and toxic compounds.
CA2856102A1	Tetrahydrocannabivarin (thcv) for use in the protection of pancreatic islet cells	The present invention relates to the phytocannabinoid tetrahydrocannabivarin (THCV) for use in the protection of pancreatic islet cells. Preferably the pancreatic islet cells to be protected are beta cells. More preferably the protection of the pancreatic islet cells maintains insulin production at levels which are able to substantially control or improve control of blood glucose levels in a patient.
CA2857096A1	Process for recovery of nalmefene hydrochloride	The present invention relates to an improved process for recovery of nalmefene hydrochloride [17-(cyclopropylmethyl)-4,5-alpha-epoxy-6-methylenemorphinan-3,14-diol hydrochloride] from an aqueous composition containing nalmefene and certain impurities.
CN100579530C	Stabilized compositions comprising therapeutically active agent, citric acid or conjugated base and chlorine dioxide	Citric acid and conjugate bases thereof are useful for stabilizing stabilized chlorine dioxide in the presence of therapeutically active agents and excipients in a composition. Ophthalmic compositions and methods related thereto are also disclosed herein.
CN100581544C	Injectable pharmaceutical composition for treatment and reversal of erectile dysfunction	An injectable pharmaceutical composition for treatment of erectile dysfunction. The composition includes prostaglandin E-1, and optionally further includes levsin and/or additional vasodilators such as diltiazem HC1, veparamill, chlorpromazine, d,L-hyoscyamine, and 6,7-dimethoxy-1-veratrylisoquinoline HC1. The composition is effective for long-term restoration of normal erectile function to a patient having erectile dysfunction. The ability to reverse erectile dysfunction may be further enhanced by the inclusion of vitamin B-6, B12, folic acid, and/or TPA. Also disclosed are methods for treatment and reversal of erectile dysfunction by injecting the pharmaceutical composition into the penis, either by subcutaneous or intracavernosal injection.
CN100584851C	Phosphates of secondary alcohols	According to the invention, there is provided a phosphate derivative of a compound having a secondary hydroxy group. The compound having a secondary hydroxyl group may, for example, be chosen from pravastatin, atorvastatin venlafaxine, their derivatives and mixtures thereof.
CN100594898C	Pharmaceutical composition of Silybin and preparation method thereof	The invention provides a silybin and phosphatidy lcholine compound which is prepared into capsules with high dissolving degree. The invention also provides a process for preparing the silybin and phosphatidy lcholine compound and its capsule medicament, the preparing process is characterized by simple manufacturing method, high yield and fitting for mass production.
CN100998603A	Liquid vitamic C compounded nanometer elementary selenium its preparation method and storage method	A liquid-phase nano-Se containing VC used as a bioactive health-care product stored in liquid phase is prepared through dropping the solution of selenium oxide or selenite into VC solution while stirring until the red color is not changed. It can be used to prepare medicines.
CN101002774A	Anti-inflammatory and sterilizing preparation	An eyedrops of the quinolone medicine for treating bacterial conjunctivitis, keratitis, corneal ulcer, dacryocystitis, trachoma, and the eye infection after operation is prepared from the medicine A and additives. Said medicine A is 6-fluoro- 1-methyl, 4-oxy-7-(1-piperazinyl)-4H-[1, 3] thiazine [3, 2-a] quinoline-3- carboxylate, or its hydrochloride, or its methanesulfonate.
CN101002897A	Medicine for treating proganital lichen sclerosus disease	A medicine for treating the lichen sclerosus of vulva and hypoestrin vaginitis is prepared from 17 raw materials including allantoin, VE, concentrated fish liver oil, glycerin borate, and 13 Chinese-medicinal materials including cloves, liquorice root, borneol, etc.
CN101007018A	Bacteriostat-free water-soluble vitamin freeze-dried preparation for injection	Disclosed is an water soluble vitamin freeze-drying preparation containing no bacteria inhibitor, wherein each bottle of the preparation comprises constituents of aneurine mononitrate 2.79-3.41mg, riboflavin sodium phosphate 4.41-5.39mg, nicotinamide 36-44mg, chlorhydric pyridoxine 4.41-5.39mg, sodium pantothenate 14.85-18.15mg, vitamin C sodium 101.7-124.3mg, biotin 54-66mug, folic acid 0.36-0.44mg, vitamin B12 4.5-5.5mug, glycine 270-330mg, and dium ethylenediamine tetraacetate 0.45-0.55mg.
CN101007030A	Quality control methods of leaves of cordyalis esquirolii and its preparation	The invention discloses a method for controlling quality of turpinia ternata nakai and its preparation, wherein the index includes the constituents of gallic acid, apigenin-7-O-neohesperidoside, apigenin-7-O-2'-isodulcitolrutinoside, apigenin-7-O-beta-D-glucopyranoside and apigenin, and the quality control method includes the fingerprint pattern of turpinia ternate nakai and compositions containing same.
CN101007811A	Organic amine salt of cephalosporin compound and its preparation method	The invention relates to the organic amine salt or hydrate for ceph compound used for treating bacteria infection, and the chemical formula is demonstrated in (I).Said organic amine can be lycine, arginine, tert-butylamine, diethanolamine, triethanolamine, diethylamine or meglumine. It comprises cefuroxime organic amine salt, ceftriaxone organic amine salt, ceftezole organic amine salt, cefoperazone organic amine salt, cephalothin organic amine salt, cefotaxime organic amine salt, cefradine organic amine salt, cefonicid organic amine salt, cefmetazole organic amine salt, cefodizime organic amine salt, cefmenoxime organic amine salt, ceftizoxime organic amine salt, cefpiramide organic amine salt, cefazolin organic amine salt, cefoxitinorganic amine salt and flomoxef organic amine salr. The invention provides the medical compound taking compound in formula (I) as active element and its application to preparation of medicine for treating bacteria infection.
CN101007829A	1,6-diphospho-D-fructose ester arginine salt and its pharmaceutical uses	The invention disclose the arginine salt of 1, 6- diphosphoric acid- D- fructose esters in hydrate type, and one or more than one of the four function groups is salinized by arginine. The salt precipitation with 1, 6- diphosphoric acid- D- fructose esters and arginine solves problems of strong side effect of sodium fructose diphosphate, and starting circuit, high natremia risk. It is demonstrated through pharmacological test that arginine salt can cooperate with drug and the toxcity is low.
CN101011084A	Milk for regulating organism immunity and its preparation	The invention discloses milk with combined formulas and its preparing process, wherein the milk is prepared from conventional milk and L-arginine through homogeneous processes. The milk has the function of adjusting body immunity.
CN101011374A	Non-steroidal analgesic-antipyretic medicament paracetamol containing carboxyl group	The invention relates to a non-steroid analgesic-antipyretic acetaminopher which contains carboxy group, nalorphine, antiphon, arfonad, chlorostyrene, cyclobutyrol, chlofenamic acid, or the like, while it can improve the drug stability, reduce excitation on gastrointestinal tract, and effect.
CN101015559A	Instant gelling agent for treating allergic rhinitis	The invention belongs to the field of western medicinal preparation, and relates to a preparation with suitable phase variation, detention time prolonging effects and topically administered in nasal cavity, and its preparation method. The method comprises dispersing momestasone furoate or budesonide in hydrophilic gel substrate prepared from acetyl-removed gellan gum and sodium alginate in micro powder form. the gel preparation is prepared and stored in solution from, and administered in solution spraying form; generates phase variation due to the change of environmental ionic strength, pH, or temperature after contacting with tunica mucosa of nasal cavity, and forms gel. The invention has the advantages of simple preparation and accurate administered dose; can prolong the contact time of medicine and schneiderian membrane; and improves therapeutic effect of the medicine to anaphylactic rhinitis.
CN101016265A	Preparation of HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor and application thereof	The invention discloses a new molecule with relative structure of HEPT and pyridinone, which is characterized by the following: adopting 1- (2-hydroxy ethoxy)-methyl -6-(benzene thio) thymine (HEPT) as reverse transcriptase inhibitor of non-nucleoside HIV-1 and 4-benzene thiopyridinone as primer; linking each structure and activity to fuse into one molecule; designing a new molecule with general formula as formula I with each group defined as instruction; making new compound connect HIV-1 reverse transcriptase conveniently; inhibiting the activity of reverse transcriptase.
CN101018793A	Phosphorylated polyphenols as colour-stable agents	The present invention relates to phosphorylated polyphenols, preferably tannins that, unlike their unphosphorylated counterparts, do not suffer from relatively low stability, resulting in an activity that is relatively short in time, and/or that do not result in yellowing of materials therewith such as textiles or polymers. The present invention further relates to a simple, cheap and environmentally friendly way of preparing these compounds. The phosphorylation process of the invention can be extended to simple phenolic compounds as well, as long as these have at least one accessible hydroxyl group. The phosphorylated compounds according to the invention can be used as antioxidants, as radical scavengers, as complexating agents for metals and proteins, as antibacterials or antiallergenic compounds, and as agents to flock textile.
CN101019848B	Application of ferricitras in preparation of medicine to prevent and treat angiosteosis	The present invention relates to the application of ferric citrate in preparing medicine for preventing and treating calcification of blood vessel. The present invention has determined curative effect. Experiment proves that ferric citrate can intervene calcification of blood vessel and inhibit calcification effectively, and may reverse calcification of blood vessel.
CN101019863A	Application of 2-phenyl-1, 2-benzoisoselenazole-3(2H)-tone in preparing medicine for resisting sports fatigue	The present invention is application of 2-phenyl-1, 2-benzoisoselenazole-3(2H)-tone in preparing medicine for resisting sports fatigue. Pharmacological experiment proves that active component 2-phenyl-1, 2-benzoisoselenazole-3(2H)-tone has the effects of resisting the overoxidation of lipid, eliminating free radical caused in overtraining, inhibiting apoptosis during sports and maintaining the normal morphological structure and function of locomotive organs, delaying sports fatigue and raising sport capacity of rat.
CN101020062A	Hydrophilic polyglycol supported ursolic acid medicines and their prepn process	The present invention is serial hydrophilic polyglycol supported ursolic acid medicines obtained through organic synthesis and polymerization to grafting hydrophilic polyglycol onto cyclohydroxy group of ursolic acid A. The structure analysis and experiments show that activated polyglycol is grafted successfully onto ursolic acid said water insoluble ursolic acid becomes water soluble polyglycol-ursolic acid. Polyglycol-ursolic acid has excellent blood compatibility and high physiological activity, so that polyglycol supported ursolic acid medicines may be prepared into different forms, including injection, oral liquid, capsule, tablet, etc. The polyglycol has average molecular weight of 200-60,000.
CN101020700A	Ruthenium porphyrin complex and its prepn process and application as photosensitizer for photodynamic therapy	The present invention discloses ruthenium porphyrin complex and its preparation process and application as photosensitizer for photodynamic therapy. The ruthenium porphyrin complex with the structure as shown has ruthenium as the central metal ion, pyridyl radical containing asymmetrical porphyrin and its metal derivative as the ligand, and coordinate bond jointing the ruthenium pyridyl radical and the porphyrin ring. The ruthenium porphyrin complex of the present invention has determined composition, less toxic side effect and good absorption and metabolism in organism, and is suitable for use as photosensitizer for photodynamic therapy.
CN101023942A	Use of dihydro myricotin element for treating cardiac blood diseases	The present invention discloses an application of dihydromyricetin in preparation of medicine for preventing or curing angiocardiopathy. The animal tests show that the dihydromyricetin has the effect for resisting internal phlebothrombosis, can be used for effectively preventing angiocardiopathy due to thrombosis, for example cardiac disease and apoplexy. Said invention can be made into medicine or health-care product.
CN101024604B	Novel dihydrochalcone compound separated and purified from drgon blood and preparation method thereof	The invention relates to a new dihydrochalcone compound that is separated and purified from Long Xuejie and the manufacture method. It adopts Long Xuejie as raw material, uses light petroleum and chloroform solvent to distill, decreases pressure and concentrating chloroform extractive, takes silica gel column or rapid silica gel chromatography and takes Sephadex LH-20 gelcolumn chromatography andseparating, purifies chromatogram, and finally gains dihydrochalcone compound. The chemical name is 4'- hydroxyl-2', 4- dimethoxy- dihydrochalcone. The compound has good effect to avoid platelet aggregation.
CN101028510B	Snake gallbladder for artificial medicine and its production	An artificial medical snake gall powder is a solid powder mixture prepared by taurocholic acid, chicken bile dry extract, cholesterol, mucoprotein, ZnSO4.7H2O, calcium gluconate, sodium bicarbonate and taurine, and optional taurodeoxycholic acid and/or the extract of rabbit bile dry extract. An artificial medical snake gall liquid is prepared by dissolving the artificial medical snake gall powder in an ethanol solution with the concentration of 25%-50%, which has extremely similar compositions and pharmacologic effect with the high-quality natural snake gall, has remarkable antitussive effect, expectorant effect, antiasthmatic effect, anti-inflammatory effect and the like, has no obvious toxic and side effect, and is an ideal substitute for the natural medical snake gall.
CN101036654B	Stable cefoperazone sulbactam medicine compound preparation	The invention discloses a stable compound preparation of cefoperazone-sulbactam drug, which is comprised by cefoperazone acid, sulbactam and latent solvent, which weight ratio is 8~1:1:6~0.06. The latent solvent is preferred selected from sodium carbonate and sodium bicarbonate. Related substances of the compound preparation in the invention are lower than standard of Chinese pharmacopoeia (2005 edition) in influencing factor and accelerated test in 40 DEG C, labelled content accords with the standard of the pharmacopoeia and changes very little in the experiment, and the product quality is more stable than cefoperazone sodium and sulbac during period of validity.
CN101036678A	Gynura procumbens organic acid preparing method and the application	The invention discloses a method for preparing gynura procumbens (Lour.) organic acid and the use thereof. The organic acid total ingredients are obtained by organic extracting the gynura procumbens whole herb and absorbing by macroporous resin, and the organic acid contains various chemical ingredients such as chlorogenic acid, new chlorogenic acid (chlorogenic acid and its derivatives 3~5-dioxygen-caffeoyl quinic acid and 4~5-dioxygen-caffeoyl quinic acid) and hydroxyl lactic acid, etc. The organic acid can be used as various diseases medicine material of antibiosis, antiphlogosis, antivirus, anti-influenza or anti-hepatitis B and the like, or as medicine material of herpes caused by filter authenticity pathogen, etc.
CN101040869A	Nanometer elemental selenium coupled with liquid amino acid and the method for preparing and preserving the same	The invention discloses a method for preparing nanometer monomer selenium via coupling liquid amino acid, comprising that at normal temperature and normal pressure, adding vitamin C solution into amino acid solution, mixing uniformly and adding selenious anhydride or selenite solution until the product has held red, to obtain the liquid coupled product of amino acid and nanometer selenium. The nanometer monomer selenium can be used as medical health-care product to display the cooperation between amino acid and nanometer selenium, while the nanometer selenium gel has small diameter, narrow distribution and liquid storage, to develop oral, injection or the like.
CN101041074A	Anticancer compound including neoangiogenesis inhibitors and alkylate agent	The invention relates to an anti-cancer compound as a slow release injection which contains vessel restrainer and/or alkyl agent, formed by slow release micro ball and solvent. The slow release micro ball comprises the anti-cancer effective components and slow release findings, the solvent is a common solvent or a special solvent with suspending agent, while the viscosity of suspending agent is 100cp-3000cp (at 20-30Deg. C), selected from carboxymethyl cellulose, the anti-cancer effective component is the combination of vessel restrainer and/or the alkyl agent selected from nimuxitin, or the like, the slow release finding is selected from phosphate polyester as p (LAEG-EOP), p (DAPG-EOP), or the polyester or mixture of phosphate and polylactic acid, polyphenyl, 2-aliphatic acid, sebacic acid polyester, poly (erucic acid dimmer-sebacic acid) or poly (fumaric acid-sebacic acid). The anti-cancer compound can be made as slow release plant agent, to inject into cancer or around cancer to hold the effective drug density for more than 40 days, while it can significantly reduce the general reaction of drug and selectively strengthen the effect of non-surgery treatments as chemotherapy or the like.
CN101045060A	External use medicine containing tetramethylpyrazine GC glucocorticoid with its skin side-effects reducing obviously	An exterior-applied composite medicine for preventing and treating dermatopathy with obviously decreased by-effect contains ligustrazine and glucocorticoid.
CN101045704A	An improved process for preparing pure ondansetron hydrochloride dihydrate	An improved method for preparing dimethylamino-methyl-carbazolone and ondansetron base. A recrystallization process for preparing pure ondansetron hydrochloride dihydrate with a purity of at least 99.0% is also disclosed.
CN101045708A	Helicid hydrastine acetali mine its preparation method and its application	This inventio relates to preparation method of helicid -huperzine methylal imine. Structural formula as (1) described. It also relates to it' s as drug compound of effective ingredient, as well as application in preparing restraining acetyl lipase activity medicine.
CN101049302A	Anethol trithione drop pills, and preparation method	A dripping pill of anethol trithione for treating cholecystitis, cholelithiasis and acute or chronic hepatitis is prepared from the anethol trithione and the matrix of dripping pill. Its preparing process is also disclosed.
CN101049362A	External remedy for treating onychomycosis	An external-applied medicine for treating onychomycosis is proportionally prepared from fluorescent sophora root powder, boric acid, benzoic acid, salicylic acid, the liquid extract of Chinese prickly ash and glycerin.
CN101050216B	Method for synthesizing medication Entecavir of anti hepatitis B	This invention discloses a method for synthesizing entecavir as an anti-hepatitis B drug. The method is characterized by: diphenyl methylchlorosilane is utilized as a protective agent is step 1, and cyclohexyl methanol is utilized as an esterifying agent in step 4. The method has such advantages as low cost, high drug purity and high yield, and is suitable for industrialization.
CN101058610A	Codonopsisbulleyana polysaccharide sulfate and use thereof	The invention discloses a polysaccharide sulfate and application of Codonopsis bulleyana with biological activity, which is composed of xylose, fructose and glucose connected through 1-6 (or non-reducing end), 1-4 and 1-3 glycosidic bond, wherein the product is based on Codonopsis bulleyana polysaccharide as raw material disposed by sulphonating agent with sulfation degree at 0. 5-2. 5; the sulphonating agent consists of chlorosulfonic acid and pyridine with bulk rate at 1:2-8; the invention possesses stronger HIV and single herpetoviridae virus resistant activity, which is low harmful for human cell, therefore fitting for preparing, preventing or treating the agent of HIV and single herpetoviridae virus.
CN101062049A	Medical combination of teniposide, the preparing method and the function thereof	The invention discloses a medicinal component of substitute nipa glycosides, which is characterized by the following: incorporating substitute nipa glycosides, Tuwen surface activator, assisting solvent and inorganic salt; choosing the assisting solvent as mixture of dimethyl ethanolamine and carbowax; choosing the inorganic salt from one or multiple common salt, potassium chloride, sulphate and sulphate; setting this component as injection or freeze dry powder needle; adding into Tuwen and the assisting dissolvent; adding into the inorganic salt at the same time; increasing solubility of substitute nipa glycosides. This invention also relates to the preparing method and usage of this medicinal component.
CN101062052A	Skin trauma agent/ointment	The invention discloses a medicine to quick cure multiple skin injury, which is characterized by the following: (1) quick-curing various high temperature scorching (high temperature object, oil, water, gas, flame, electric spark and so on scorching); healing the would without scar; (2) curing surface long-period disunion wound (furunculosis, mass, carbuncle and so on skin ulcer disease); (3) relieve-itching and detumescence for the bite of insect (mosquito, midge winged insect, spider, bee); (4) curing pimple, infantile eczema and so on; possessing two agent type of skin injury agent and skin injury plaster; processing calcium hydroxide, magnesium hydroxide, zinc hydroxide, water and so on with a finite proportion; allocating the skin injury agent; processing skin injury agent, stannic oxide, lead oxide, vegetable oil, slurry host material; getting the skin injury plaster.
CN101062194B	Medicine for treating bone disease and fracture and the preparing method thereof	The invention relates to a pharmaceutical composition for treating osteonosus and bone fracture and process for preparation, wherein the raw materials include achyranthes and cyathula root, native copper, drynaria, frankincense, myrrh, ledebouriella root, buck grass, wood louse, cortex acanthopanacis and root bark of chinese wolf berry. The medicament can be prepared into various dosage forms including electuary, ointment, sprays and lotions.
CN101062293A	Novel medicine for giving up drug	The invention relates to a novel medicament for drug abstinence which comprises the following constituents (by weight ratio): acanthopanax root 18-30%, polygala root 6-12%, dendrobium 9-16%, notoginseng 3-10%, ginseng 10-24%, ginkgo leaves 24-34%, atropine sulfate 0. 05-1. 5%, ansiolin 0. 05-1. 0%. The medicament can be prepared into capsules, granules and tablets through conventional processes.
CN101069680B	Use of 2-hydroxyl-methyl benzenesulfonic acid in preparing medicine	The present invention discloses 2-hydroxy-4-methylbenzenesulfonic acid preparation, its preparation method and application. It has the actions of coagulating protein, hemostasis and astringing wound,at the same time has the stronger action for killing pathogens (including Gram-negative bacterium, Gram-positive bacterium, fungi, mycoplasma, chlamydozoan and virus, etc.). It can be made into various different preparations for curing various diseases.
CN101073581A	Method for preparing iron-complementing agent by complex of parafobrown algin and iron	The invention is concerned with the method to produce supply of iron using the algin and compound of iron. Put the water solution or degeneration fluid of algin into a container, add assistant stabilizer and inorganic iron salt, and the concentration is 0.1 to 0.50 mol/L, adjust the pH of solution is 4 to 8, refluence for 2 to 5 hours, dialyse, concentrate, divide with alcohol and taking centrifugal processing. Wash and dry the sedimentation to get algin Fe (III) compound. The method has reasonable prcess and low cost, the produced supply of iron has nice stability with high biology utilization ratio, the revivification and dissolving time is fit to absorb for body. The algin forms into gel with stomach acid and protecting film on the surface of stomach in order to reduce the stimulating to stomach. It is fit for pregnant woman, children and gastricism sufferer.
CN101074227B	Phosphine acyloxy quinazoline derivatives and their medicine uses	The present invention relates to particular quinazoline derivatives useful as intermediates in the preparation of compounds of formula (I): wherein A is 5-membered heteroaryl containing a nitrogen atom and one or two further nitrogen atoms.
CN101074259A	Saponin compound, its production and use	A saponin compound, its production and use are disclosed. The process is carried out by extracting while separating from gray coactus honeysuckle bud and purifying to obtain gray coactus lonicerin. It is made in vitro-inhibiting experiment and experiment for mouse dimethyl benzene inflammation. It can be used as PlA2 inhibitor and anti-inflammatory medicine.
CN101081204A	Method for preparation of cross-linking hyaluronic acid sodium jelly glue implanted in eyes	The present invention relates to preparation process of cross-linked sodium hyaluronate gel as eye implant. The process of preparing the cross-linked sodium hyaluronate gel includes the following steps: pouring the reactant liquid comprising sodium hyaluronate, hydrazide compound, carbodiimide as carboxyl group activator and proper buffer into the gap between two plates to form gel in certain thickness; purifying; cutting; packing and sterilizing. The cross-linked sodium hyaluronate gel is used as eye implant, especially for the non-penetrating glaucoma treating operation, to prevent adhesion of the aqueous humor filtering passage, raise the filtering effect and control the post-operational intraocular pressure.
CN101081208A	Slow-release injection containing tyrosine kinase restraining agent and platinum compound	The slow released anticancer injection containing tyrosine kinase inhibitor and/or platinum compound consists of slow released microsphere and solvent. The slow released microsphere includes effective anticancer components of tyrosine kinase inhibitor and/or platinum compound and slow releasing supplementary material, and the solvent is common solvent or special solvent containing suspending agent. The suspending agent is carboxymethyl cellulose, etc. and has viscosity of 100-3000 cp at 20-30 deg.c. The slow releasing supplementary material is selected from p(LAEG-EOP), p(DAPG-EOP), p(BHET-EOP/TC), etc. The anticancer composition may be also prepared into slow released implant, and the released injection and slow released implant may be injected or set in tumor for slow releasing to maintain effective medicine concentration for over 50 days, and has obviously lowered systemic reaction on the medicine and capacity of enhancing the chemotherapeutic and radiotherapeutic effect.
CN101081211A	Water indissoluble carbostyrile compound injection and method for preparing the same	The present invention relates to injection of water insoluble quinolone compound, such as Tosufloxacin besilate and prulifloxicin.
CN101084892A	Anti-respiratory virus medicine and use	The invention discloses a chemical compound in general formula (I), wherein HO- is hydroxy, Br- is bromine, CH3- is methyl, CH2N(CH3)2- is dimethylaminomethyl, and COOC2H5- is acetoacetate.Medicinal composition with the chemical compound as active ingredient has evident antivirus action against Coxsackie b3 virus, adenovirus Ad 7, parainfluenza virus and rhinovirus. The drug has good antiviral activity against Coxsackie virus, adenovirus Ad 7, parainfluenza virus, and rhinovirus.
CN101084906A	New use of medicine containing benzophen [C] anthridine alkaloid and its derivatives	The invention discloses a new use of phenanthridine biologic alcali of general formula I containing coumarone and its derivant in preparing anti-hepatitis b virus medicament.The biologic alcali has tumor cell apoptosis inducing effect, has strong inhibiting activity against to such pathogen, has antiviral effect, and is expected for treating liver cancer, wherein R1 to R10, R12 and R13 is hydrogen, hydroxy, carbon chain or naphthenic base with 1-12 carbon atoms, alkoxyl or acyloxy group, benzyloxy, chlorine and other halogen atoms, amino group, methylol, aldehyde group, carbonyl, acetonyl, carboxy, sulacyloxy, 4-methyl-benzenesulfonyloxyl, arylsulfonyloxy, diphenylphosphonoxyl,  -OCONH2; R11 is hydrogen, methyl or oxygen atom; R14 and R15 are respectively hydrogen or methyl.
CN101085370A	Antibacterial and deodorizing powder	The invention relates to a novel antibiotic deodorization powder with rare earth activated inorganic antibiotic powder (silver ion antibiotic powder) and talcum powder as raw material and its preparation method. Silver ion does not generate any toxic and hazardous material during antibiotic and sterilizing process, bring no hazard to body or environment, is the safest technology with high degerming rate and broad noxious strain resisting scope, has antibiotic and foreign flavor removing effects free from environment and pH, and has high safety, no environmental pollution and irritation. Talcum powder has effects in astringing dampness, promoting wound healing, and protecting wound surface, absorbing secretion, and promoting incrustation; and can be used for treating synclonus beriberica, eczema, sore, and body foreign flavor for external use. Compared with traditional foot powder, the inventive antibiotic deodorization powder has improved therapeutic effect in deodorizating, relieving pruritus, and healing wound, has good elimination of rancidity, underarm odor and shoes odor caused by feet odor, and convenient application.
CN101088997A	Improved process of preparing Raltitrexed	The improvement in the process of preparing Raltitrexed as antitumor medicine includes the reaction between N-(5-aminothienyl-2-formoxyl)-L-diethyl glutarate and methyl iodide at temperature raised to 100 deg.c in lucifugous condition with yield raised to 91 %; the replacement of sodium sulfide for iron powder as reductant to facilitate post-treatment and raise yield; the replacement of re-crystallization in mixed solvent of methanol and ether for column separation to expand the production capacity; and oxidizing 5-nitrothienyl-2-formaldehyde with chromic acid, rather than bromine, to eliminate toxicity and raise safety. The improved preparation process of Raltitrexed has high yield, great production capacity, low solvent consumption and high safety.
CN101091705B	Application of compounds in isorhodanic ester classes for treating diseases of prostate and skin cancer	The present invention relates to a method capable of using natural and artificial synthetic isosulfocyanate compound or its derivative to prevent and cure prostatic diseases and skin carcinoma. The internal tests show that various isosulfocyanate compounds or their derivatives can induce prostatic cell II phase drug metabolic detoxication enzyme-glutathione transferase so as to can inhibit the hyperplasia of prostate and inflammation, and can prevent and cure prostatic carcinoma and skin carcinoma.
CN101092433A	Cis [( trans 1R, 2R 1,2 cyclohexane diamine) .(beta C phenyl isosuccinic acid radical) platinum ( )] complexes, and usage as anticancer medicine	This invention relates to a novel Pt complex, cis-[(trans-1R,2R-1,2-cyclohexane diamine).(beta-phenyl isosuccinic acid)Pt(II)]. The method comprises: reacting K2PtCl4 and KI to obtain K2PtI4, reacting with carrying group A2 (trans-1R, 2R-1, 2-cyclohexane diamine) to obtain cis-[Pt (II) A2I2] intermediate, quatitatively reacting with AgNO3, filtering to separate AgI, adding disodium beta-phenyl isosuccinate into the mother liquor to precipitate the Pt complex, and recrystallizing in a system of water and DMSO (1:1) to obtain the pure product. The Pt complex has such advantages as high anticancer activity, high stability and easy preparation, and can be used for treating cancers. The IC50 of the Pt complex is obviously lower than that of cisplatin, carboplatin and any other complex of the same kind.
CN101095675A	Dipeptidyl peptidase IV effectors	The invention relates to dipeptide compounds or compounds analogous to dipeptide compounds, which are made of an amino acid and a thiazolidine or pyrrolidine group, and to their salts. The invention further relates to the use of these compounds in the treatment of impaired glucose tolerance, glucosuria, hyperlipidemia, metabolic acidoses, diabetes mellitus, diabetic neuropathy and nephropathy as well as secondary diseases of diabetes mellitus in mammals.
CN101099744A	Medicinal composition with anti-tumor synergistic interaction	The present invention relates to a medicine composite with antitumor synergistic action. Said medicine composite contains antibiotic erythromycin and spaxacin. Said medicine composite can be combined with chemotherapeutic medicine 5-fluorouracil or vincristine to make combined application so as to attain the goal of curing tumor. The invented medicine composite has the obvious synergistic action for curing tumor.
CN101100453A	Method for synthesizing ifenprodil tartrate	Preparation of tartaric acid ifenprodil is carried out by 4-hydroxy-phenpropionate as initial raw material, reacting with copper bromide to remove copper ion, preparing into intermediate 1-(4-oxyphenyl)-2-bromopropane-1-ketone, condensation reacting with 4-benzyl pyridine to obtain intermediate, hydrogenation reducing intermediate 1-(4-hydroxy-phenyl)-2-(4-benzyl pyridine) propane-1-keto-hydro-bromic acid salt to obtain ifenprodil, and salting with tartaric acid to obtain final product.
CN101103992A	Azithromycin eye drops and preparing process thereof	The invention discloses azithromycin eye drops and the preparation. The eye drops is a stable ophthalmic preparation made by azithromycin or axithromycin salt as the active ingredient which is assisted by a stabilizer, a pH regulator, an antiseptic, an isotonic agent and a pasting agent; wherein the optimized stabilizer is propanetriol, the pH regulator is sodium phosphate buffer, the antiseptic is Ethyl p-hydroxybenzoate, the isotonic agent is sodium chloride and the pasting agent is sodium hyaluronate. Compared with oral delivery, the invention has the advantages of less dose, small side effect on a whole body, direct absorption at the ocular region, quick achieving effective antibacterial concentration and quick developing treating function; and compared with ophthalmic gel or ophthalmic ointment, the invention has the advantages of convenient application and good tolerance for a patient; thus the reasonable preparation process and stable performance of the invention guarantees the clarity and stability of eye drops.
