CA2077637C	Compositions comprising a tramadol material and any of codeine, oxycodone or hydrocodone and their use	This invention relates to compositions comprising a tramadol material and any of codeine, oxycodone or hydrocodone, and their use.     The compositions are pharmacologically useful in treating pain, diarrhea and tussive conditions. The compositions are also subject to less side-effects as compared to pure opiate based compositions, such as abuse liability, tolerance, constipation and respiratory depression. Furthermore, where the components, i.e., a tramadol material and any of codeine, oxycodone or hydrocodone, of the compositions are within certain ratios the pharmacological effects of the compositions are superadditive (synergistic).
CA2092271C	Use of g-csf for treating taxol side-effects	A method of treating a host using taxol comprising administering granulocyte colony-stimulating factor to the host being treated with taxol. The present inventive method allows for increased levels of taxol to be administered to the host in the treatment of various conditions, particularly with respect to ovarian tumors.
CA2102780C	Bis mono-and bicyclic aryl and heteroaryl compounds which inhibit egf and/or pdgf receptor tyrosine kinase	This invention relates to bis mono- and/or bicyclic aryl and/or heteroaryl compounds exhibiting protein tyrosine kinase inhibition activity. More specifically, it relates to the method of inhibiting abnormal cell proliferation in a patient suffering from a disorder characterized by such proliferation comprising the administration thereto of an EGF and/or PDGF receptor inhibiting effective amount of said bis mono- and/or bicyclic aryl and/or heteroaryl compound and to the preparation of said compounds and their use in pharmaceutical compositions used in this method.
CA2106642C	Carbazolone derivatives and process for preparing the same	The invention relates to carbazolone derivatives of the formula   wherein A represents a group of formula   wherein R represents a hydroxyl or 2-methyl-1H-imidazol-1-yl group;     B represents a group of formula   wherein R1 represents hydrogen or a methyl or ethyl group; or A and B together form a group of formula   wherein R2 means a methyl or ethyl group; or A and B together form a group of formula   The above compounds are useful intermediates in the: syn-thesis of ondansetron of formula   chemically 9-methyl-3-[(2-methyl-1H-imidazol-1-yl)methyl]--1,2,3,9-tetrahydro-4H-carbazol-4-one.     The invention further relates to a novel process for the preparation of compounds of the formula (I), wherein A and Bare the same as in formula (I) but B may be also hydrogen.     Thus, this novel process is suitable for the preparation of ondansetron itself.
CA2142445C	Injection solutions of azosemide which are ready for injection	Aqueous injection solution that is ready-for-injection of a water-soluble, physiologically well-tolerated azosemide salt of an organic amide, which contains an organic solvent and if desired, a physiologically well-tolerated buffer and it concerns a process for the production of such an injection solution in which the salt is dissolved in a mixture which contains water, an organic solvent and, if desired, a physiologically well-tolerated buffer.
CA2154601C	Formulations containing coumarins and the use thereof in the pharmaceutical and cosmetic fields	The present invention relates to the use of coumarins such as esculoside, esculetin, extracts containing them and mixtures thereof, in combination with dimeric and oligomeric proanthocyanidins, in topical formulations for the treatment of peripheral vasculopathies, including the complications of acute venous stasis, or of the unesthetisms related to capillary alterations, or to improve the cicatrization processes. These coumarins, alone or in combination with proanthocyanidins, are also useful in atopical dermatitis and in the treatment of the haematomas.
CA2195370C	A method of separating the racemate of tramadol	A method of separating the racemate of tramadol is disclosed.
CA2224426C	Cis-9,10-octadecenoamidase	The soporific activity of cis-9,10-octadecenoamide and other soporific fatty acid primary amides is neutralized by hydrolysis in the presence of cis-9,10-octadecenoamidase. Hydrolysis of cis-9,10-octadecenoamide leads to the formation of oleic acid, a compound without soporific activity. Inhibitors of cis-9,10-octadecenoamidase are disclosed to block this activity.
CA2230690C	Administration of ketamine to manage pain and to reduce drug dependency	The present invention relates to the management of pain without requiring or allowing for reduction in the level of administration of narcotics, and to self-management of pain on an outpatient basis. Accordingly, the present invention is broadly directed to a method for treating pain in a subject comprising administering via a transmucosal, transdermal, or oral route a dose of ketamine effective to alleviate pain to a subject suffering from pain. The invention is further directed to a method for synergistically treating pain in a subject comprising administering via any route a dose of ketamine effective to allow for reduction in the level of an ongoing pain therapy, or decrease pain (improve the level of pain relief), or both. Transmucosal, transdermal, and oral administration of ketamine advantageously allows for patient self administration of the drug, which provides for pain management on an outpatient basis. Moreover, ketamine administration in transdermal devices (suppositories, candies, buccal patches) is generally socially acceptable. In a specific example, a patient suffering from intractable bladder pain controlled breakthrough pain by transmucosal (nasal) administration of about 16 mg to about 32 mg of ketamine per dose.
CA2244512C	Dietary supplements containing natural ingredients	The invention provides a dietary supplement comprising at least one flavonoid source and an enzyme, that is effective for inhibiting in vivo platelet activity and LDL cholesterol oxidation in a mammal at a dosage of about 30 mg/Kg or less. The supplement may contain flavonoid sources found in grape seed extracts, grape skin extracts, bilberry extracts, ginkgo biloba extracts or the flavonoid quercetin. The supplement may also contain fungal proteases, acid stable proteases and bromelain. The invention further provides a method for using the dietary supplement and an article of manufacture containing the supplement.
CA2255521C	Compositions for treatment of burns	The present invention is directed to a composition for treating burns. The composition comprises a therapeutically effective amount of a weak organic acid compatible with human skin, in a suitable carrier delivered at pH 2.5-4.5. The weak organic acid is preferably acetic acid or citric acid and the suitable carrier is preferably an aqueous based carrier, more preferably a gel form, utilizing a Carbopol.TM. as a gelling agent. The composition may also include one or more other agents selected from sun blocking agents, skin moisturizing agents and herb extracts.
CA2257579C	Genistein as a preventive against ultraviolet induced skin photodamage and cancer	A method of inhibiting the harmful effect of UVR exposure to the human skin comprising topically applying a therapeutically effective amount of genistein to the skin at a time sufficiently close to the time of UVR exposure to inhibit UVR-induced damage to the skin. The genistein appears to act as a chemo preventative agent since it has no appreciable sun blocking effect. The genistein may be mixed with a variety of carriers and skin treatment compositions.
CA2284863C	Active substance and composition inhibiting tumorous proliferation in ectoderm derived tissues	The invention relates to a substance inhibiting tumorous proliferation in ectoderm derived tissues and to a composition containing such substance. The active substance and composition according to the invention are characterized in that human or animal derived fertilized ovum, preferably derived from sea water fish or fresh water fish or amphibian is subjected to cell wall destruction after 24 hours at most, preferably after 14-16 hours after fertilization, then the material is ultracentrifuged, the supernatant is separated, the sediment is homogenized, then ultracentrifuged several times, and each time the supernatant and the sediment are separated, thereafter all supernatant fractions are combined and centrifuged preferably at 8,000-15,000 rpm, the supernatant obtained is separated and diluted with physiological solution, preferable in 1:2 ratio by weight, the material is subjected to a series of gel filtration at least twice, then the filtered substance is lyophilized or optionally diluted with a diluent, preferably with physiological saline solution or dextrose solution or sterile distilled water, preferably in 1:2 ratio by weight.
CA2288726C	Eyedrops containing a loratadine metabolite	An ophthalmic solution containing a compound represented by formula I: (see figure I) wherein X represents a halogen atom or a hydrogen atom, is disclosed.
CA2291391C	An evacuant	Disclosed is an evacuant possessing a sufficient evacuating effect in a small dose substantially without accompanying any irritation to bowel, irrespective of whether its preparations are in the form of tablets, liquids or elixirs, and having a suppressing action to odor of feces. This evacuant is characterized by containing an active magnesium oxide which has a BET value (surface area in terms of m2/g) of at least 21, preferably 21-50, more preferably 30-40 and is excellent in acid reactivity, and may preferably be incorporated with lactic acid bacteria, a mixture of sporolactobacteria and yeast extracts and/or oligosaccharides. The preparations are preferably in the form of liquids, granules, tablets and capsules.
CA2293714C	Benzpyrido cycloheptane compounds useful for inhibition of farnesyl protein transferase	Novel compounds of Formula (1.0) are disclosed. Also disclosed is a method of inhibiting farnesyl protein transferase function and therefore inhibiting the abnormal growth of cells. The method comprises administering a compound of formula (1.0) to a biological system. In particular, the method inhibits the abnormal growth of cells in a mammal such as a human being.
CA2299423C	Taste-masked pharmaceutical composition	A chewable dosage form containing a histamine H2-receptor antagonist in an amount which is effective to treat a gastrointestinal disorder is provided in a palatably acceptable form. The dosage form comprises granules containing the histamine H2--receptor antagonist, which are provided with a taste-masking coating comprising a water-insoluble, water-permeable methacrylate ester copolymer in which the coating is applied to the granules in an amount which provides a taste-masking effect for a relatively short period during which the composition is being chewed by a patient, but which allows substantially immediate release of the histamine H2-receptor antagonist after the composition has been chewed and ingested.
CA2306214C	Plaster for topical use containing heparin and diclofenac	Plaster for topical use having an analgesic activity and at the same time being able to re-absorb haematomas, comprising: a substrate layer; an adhesive layer in the form of a hydrogel matrix containing a pharmaceutically acceptable diclofenac salt, heparin,or a heparinoid; a protective film which can be removed at the moment of use.
CA2320288C	Oligodeoxyribonucleotides comprising o6-benzylguanine and their use	The present invention provides a single-stranded oligodeoxyribonucleotide, which (i) comprises from about 5 to 11 bases, at least one of which is a substituted or an unsubstituted O6-benzylguanine, and (ii) inactivates human AGT. The present invention also provides a single-stranded oligodeoxyribonucleotide, which can inactivate a mutant human AGT, which either is not inactivated by O6-benzylguanine or is less inactivated by O6-benzylguanine than by said single-stranded oligodeoxyribonucleotide. A phosphate of the single-stranded oligodeoxyribonucleotide can be replaced by a methylphosphonate or a phosphorothioate. The present invention also provides a composition comprising such an oligodeoxyribonucleotide. In addition, the present invention provides a method of enhancing the effect of an antineoplastic alkylating agent, which alkylates the O6 position of guanine residues in DNA, in the chemotherapeutic treatment of cancer in a mammal, which method comprises the co-administration to the mammal of a cancer-treatment effective amount of an antineoplastic alkylating agent and a chemotherapeutic treatment-enhancing amount of a present inventive oligodeoxyribonucleotide or composition thereof.
CA2321523C	Formulation of fast-dissolving efavirenz capsules or tablets using super-disintegrants	The present invention provides improved oral dosage form formulations of efavirenz that are useful in the inhibition of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), the prevention or treatment of infection by HIV, and in the treatment of the resulting acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS). In particular, the present invention relates to compressed tablets or capsules comprising efavirenz that contain one or more disintegrants that enhance the dissolution rate of the efavirenz in the gastrointestinal tract thereby improving the rate and extent of absorption of efavirenz in the body. The present invention also relates to the process of making such tablets or capsules.
CA2323839C	Treatment of neuropathy	This invention relates to the use of cyclic guanosine 3', 5'-monophosphate phosphodiesterase type five (cGMP PDE5) inhibitors, including in particular the compound sildenafil, in combination with gabapentin or pregabalin, which may be used for the treatment of neuropathy, including in particular the treatment of diabetic neuropathy.
CA2330128C	Food compositions, compositions for oral cavity and medicinal compositions for preventing or treating periodontosis and method for preventing or treating periodontosis	Food compositions, compositions for the oral cavity and medicinal compositions for preventing or treating periodontosis which contain (A) one or more components selected from among natural polyphenol-containing extracts, and (B) one or more components selected from the group consisting of vitamin C, vitamin E, vitamin A and .beta.-carotene; and a method for preventing or treating periodontosis with the use of these compositions.
CA2331471C	Compounds with an antioxidant activity, compositions useful as food integrators containing them and process for their preparation	The present invention relates to the use of a compound having general formula (I) as described hereunder (see formula I) wherein R = CH3 (FPB compound) for the preparation of compositions with an antioxidant activity for administering to human beings for therapeu-tic or nutritional purposes. The invention also relates to a process for the prepara-tion of a compound having general formula (I) as defined above characterized in that a cellular culture is ob-tained from an Ajuga reptans plant, said culture being subsequently subjected to cultivation under aerobic con-ditions, in a liquid medium containing assimilable carbon and nitrogen sources, and mineral salts.
CA2336799C	Improved stable topical ascorbic acid compositions	An ascorbic acid (Vitamin C) composition in a nonaqueous or substantially anhydrous silicone vehicle has superior stability. Particulate ascorbic acid is substantially insoluble in the disclosed polyorganosiloxane vehicles, and the vehicle substantially excludes environmental oxygen. The ascorbic acid particles have surprisingly been found to have a high degree of bioavailability and effectiveness, for example in topical applications to reduce wrinkles and increase collagen growth and elasticity.
CA2339290C	Reaction products of hyaluronic acid and natural amino acids and their use in cosmetic and pharmaceutical compositions	The present invention relates to new high molecular weight salts of hyaluronic acid. More particularly, these salts are characterized in that they have as a counterion a natural amino acid. The products of the invention can be prepared starting from high molecular weight hyaluronic acid or salts thereof. These new high molecular weights salts of hyaluronic acid may be advantageously employed in the cosmetic of pharmaceutical field.
CA2346631C	Antibacterial aqueous ophthalmic formulations containing ofloxacin and use of chitosan for solubilizing ofloxacin suspended in an aqueous media	The aqueous ophthalmic formulation for the treatment and prevention of infections contains ofloxacin as active ingredient and a chitosan having a weight average molecular weight of 500,000 - 5,000,000 Daltons and a deacetylation degree of 30 - 90 % as solubilizing agent of ofloxacin. Chitosan having a deacetylation degree of 30 - 90 % may be also used for solubilizing ofloxacin suspended in an aqueous media having a substantially neutral pH in any other applications.
CA2347387C	Vitamin k2 containing food product	A food product comprising menaquinone at a level of 50 to 5,000 µg per 100 g of product.
CA2350396C	A composition useful to treat periodontal disease	A composition and method for treating periodontal disease is provided comprising resveratrol in combination with a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier. The composition is particularly useful for administration to individuals at high risk of developing periodontal disease such as those who smoke tobacco products and those exposed to second-hand tobacco smoke or environmental pollutant AhR ligands.
CA2396151C	Method for the antibiotic coating of bodies with interconnecting microcavities as well as coated bodies and their usage	The invention relates to a method for the antibiotic coating of bodies with interconnecting microcavities as well as bodies coated this way and their usage. The invented method is characterized in that in the microcavities of non-metallic bodies an aqueous solution 1, which contains at least one easily water-soluble antibiotic component from the groups of the aminoglycoside antibiotics, the tetracycline antibiotics, the lincosamide antibiotics and the 4-quinolone antibiotics, and an aqueous solution 2, which contains at least one easily water-soluble amphiphilic component from the groups of the alkyl sulfates, alkyl sulfonates, alkylaryl sulfates, dialkylaryl sulfates, alkylaryl sulfonates, dialkylaryl sulfonates, cycloalkyl sulfates, cycloalkyl sulfonates, alkylcycloalkyl sulfates, are introduced, wherein between the introduction of solutions 1 and 2 the water is basically removed through vaporization and/or evaporation, and whereby from the components of solutions 1 and 2 in the microcavities a deposit is formed, which is sparingly soluble in water.
CA2419877C	Storage stable tretinoin and 4-hydroxy anisole containing topical composition	A long-term storage stable tretinoin and 4-hydroxyanisole composition contains low molecular weight polyethylene glycol, antioxidant, a chelating agent, lower alkanol and water. The chelating agent provides at least two of the functions of oxygen scavaging, free radical chain terminating and reducing. The composition has a pH of 2.5 to 5 and a water content of at least 12%.
CA2421548C	Amidine inhibitors of serine proteases	Inhibitors of serine proteases are provided having formula (I) wherein X, R1, R2, R3, R4 and R5 are as defined herein. In particular, the compounds bind to factor VIIa, tissue factor/factor Xa complex, thrombin, trypsin, plasmin and kallikrein and have anticoagulant activity. Pharmaceutical compositions comprising the compounds are useful for inhibiting the formation of veinous and/or arterial thrombi in vivo.
CA2426625C	Combination of fenofibrate and coenzyme q10 for the treatment of endothelial dysfunction	The present invention relates to a combination of a peroxisome proliferator activated receptor (PPAR) activator and a benzoquinone and their use in treating and/or preventing disorders characterized by endothelial dysfunction, such as cardiovascular disease, strokes and myocardial infarction. According to a preferred embodiment of the invention the benzoquinone or precursor thereof is a ubiquinone or precursor thereof, more preferably, coenzyme Q10 or a precursor thereof, and the PPAR activator is a fibrate or a thiazolidinedione, more preferably fenofibrate.
CA2438270C	Process for the fractionation of cereal brans	A process for the fractionation of valuable fractions from cereal brans (e.g. wheat, barley and oat brans, and rice polish) is described. In particular, this invention describes a two step process, in which the said bran is first subjected to a combination of enzymatic treatment and wet milling, followed by sequential centrifugation and ultrafiltration, which aims at physically separating the main bran factions, i.e. insoluble phase (pericarp and aleurone layer), germ-rich fraction, residual endosperm fraction and soluble sugars. A second step consists of fractionating cereal brans substantially free of soluble compounds, hence insoluble phase from the above-mentioned first step, by enzymatic treatment with xylanases and/or beta-glucanase and wet milling, followed by sequential centrifugation and ultrafiltration, which aims at physically separating the main fractions, i.e. insoluble phase (remaining cell wall components), protein-rich fraction, soluble hemicellulose and oligosaccharide, and therefore maximizes the extraction rate of valuable cell wall components and aleurone cells from previously cleaned bran.
CA2444244C	Methods of synthesizing acylanilides including bicalutamide and derivatives thereof	Methods of synthesizing an acylanilide include contacting a compound having the structure of Formula I with a compound having the structure of Formula II under conditions sufficient to provide a compound having the structure of Formula III and treating the compound of Formula III under conditions sufficient to provide an acylanilide. The compound of Formula III may be addition reacted with a compound having the structure of Formula IV: under conditions sufficient to provide an acylanilide having the structure of Formula V.
CA2454699C	Method for treating primary insomnia	The invention relates to a medicament, for treating and improving the restorative quality of sleep, in a patient suffering from primary insomnia, which comprises at least one compound selected from melatonin, other melatonergic agents, melatonin agonists and melatonin antagonists, in an effective amount within the range of 0.0025 to 50 mg, and optionally one or more other therapeutically active agents.
CA2456970C	Drug formulations for parenteral use	This invention relates to parenteral preparations of antiestrogens such as toremifene, desmethyl toremifene, tamoxifen or desmethyltamoxifen. The preparations can be emulsions, liposomes or aqueous solutions of cyclodextrin-drug complexes. Particularly the invention relates to a parenteral drug formulation comprising a complex having a 2-hydroxypropyl cyclodextrin component and including an active drug substance selected from the group consisting of toremifene, desmethyl toremifene, tamoxifen and desmethyltamoxifen or a pharmaceutically acceptable non-toxic salt thereof, said complex being present either in an aqueous solution or emulsion or loaded into a liposome.
CA2508180C	Dimetalhydroxy malates	Dimetalhydroxy malate compositions as well as methods of administering and making such bioavailable compositions are provided. The metal used can be any nutritionally relevant divalent metal such as calcium, magnesium, zinc, copper, manganese, and iron. The composition can be prepared by reacting malic acid with a divalent metal oxide or hydroxide at a 1:2 molar ratio. The composition can be administered to a warm-blooded animal by any of a number of known delivery routes, including oral delivery.
CA2525524C	Combination of the analeptic modafinil and an antidepressant for the treatment of depression	Compositions and methods for treatment of depressive disorders through the administration of modafinil with antidepressants.
CA2533117A1	Combinations for the treatment of depression	It is intended to provide medicinal compositions and the like useful in treating depression which contain a compound having an antagonism to adenosine A2A receptor (for example, (E)-8-(3,4-dimethoxystyryl)-1,3-diethyl-7-methyl-3,7-dihydro-1H-purin-2,6-dione) or a pharmacologically acceptable salt thereof together with an antidepressant (for example, a tricyclic antidepressant, a tetracyclic antidepressant, a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor, a selective noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor, a dopamine reuptake inhibitor, a serotonin/noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor, a monoamine oxidase inhibitor or a serotonin 2 antagonist).
CA2537747A1	The combination of a serotonin reuptake inhibitor and loxapine	The present invention relates to the use of a combination of Loxapine and a serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SRI), for the treatment of depression and other affective disorders.
CA2548379C	Compositions of galactomannan for the treatment of bowel diseases	The present invention relates to a composition for preventing, ameliorating or treating a bowel disease, comprising galactomannan and/or arabinogalactan; a liquid food for preventing, ameliorating or treating a bowel disease, characterized in that the liquid food comprises a protein and galactomannan and/or arabinogalactan; and a composition for preventing, ameliorating or treating an irritable bowel syndrome, comprising degraded galactomannan.
CA2552694A1	Kit comprising three independent compositions and methods for building muscle, increasing strength, increasing muscle size, increasing muscle performance and reducing muscle fatigue	A kit, and a method of using same, that comprises first, second and third components wherein the first, second and third components collectively comprise Glycine, Arginine, Leucine, Creatine, Alpha Lipoic Acid, and earth metal salts of Ketoisocaproic Acid. Use of the kit may enhance muscle performance, build muscle, increase muscle strength, increase muscle size and reduce muscle fatigue. The three compositions may be used in synergy so as to promote muscle anabolism, neutralize reactive oxygen species, and improve creatine uptake in muscle tissue. The method may also include a schedule for administering each composition to the user for optimal results.
CA2554386A1	Combinations of hmg coa reductase inhibitors and negatively charged phospholipids and uses thereof	The present invention provides combinations of pharmaceutically active agents (i.e. statins and negatively charged phospholipids) for treating or preventing atherosclerosis or coronary artery disease (CAD) in mammals, and methods therefore. In particular, these combinations and methods find utility for achieving one or more of the following effects in a subject: (1) a reduction in plasma levels of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and very-low--density lipoprotein (VLDL) cholesterol; (2) an increase in plasma levels of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol; and (3) a reduction in plasma levels of triglycerides.
CA2558043A1	Methods of correcting bone mineralization defects, kits therefor and compositions therefor	A use of a therapeutically effective amount of at least one cathepsin B inhibitor for correcting bone mineralization defect.
CA2563793A1	Polymorphic forms of nateglinide	Provided are crystalline forms of nateglinide and processes for their preparation.
CA2582262A1	Medium-chain length fatty alcohols as stimulators of hematopoiesis	Medium-chain length fatty alcohols such as octanol, decanol, dodecanol, or analogues thereof can be used as a stimulator of hematopoiesis, hematopoietic stem cell proliferation, and/or proliferation of one or more of the progenitors of red or white blood cells (e.g., erythrocyte, leukocyte, neutrophil, granulocyte, megakaryocyte, or any combination thereof)- It also relates to the treatment of myelosuppression; in particular, this includes the treatment of anemia and/or neutropenia associated with chemotherapy and/or radiotherapy. Moreover, anemia arising from chronic renal failure or treatment of HIV-infected patients with AZT (zidovudine), or other inhibitors of reverse transcriptase, can be treated. Furthermore, neutropenia arising from infections, hematologic diseases, or nutritional deficiencies can be treated. It also relates to reducing drug toxicity and enhancing drug efficiency.
CA2582949A1	Liposomes with improved drug retention for treatment of cancer	The present invention relates to the use of copper ions to achieve enhanced retention of a therapeutic agent within a liposome. The invention may be employed to more effectively deliver a liposomally encapsulated therapeutic agent to a target site in vitro and in vivo for anti-cancer or other therapy. The liposome may comprise an interior buffer solution containing the therapeutic agent, the solution having a pH less than 6.5 and most preferably approximating pH 3.5. At least some of the copper ions are retained within the interior solution. In a particular embodiment the therapeutic agent may be a chemotherapeutic drug, such as irinotecan. The invention may also comprise an ionophore to facilitate loading of drug into the liposome. In one particular embodiment the combination of the ionophore A23187 and encapsulated divalent copper (Cu2+) resulted in an irinotecan formulation that exhibited surprisingly improved drug retention attributes.
CA2586384A1	Method for treating hiv infection through co-administration of tipranavir and gw873140	Method for treating HIV infection through co-administration of tipranavir and GW873140.
CA2597798A1	Fluorinated phno and analogs thereof	This application describes fluormated (+)PHNO and analogs thereof, including radiolabeled analogs, of Formula (I), wherein R1 is C1-6 alkyl in which one hydrogen atom on the alkyl chain is replaced with fluoro or radioactive fluoro. The application further describes compositions comprising these compounds and methods of using these compounds The compounds of formula (I), have good affinity and selectivity for the dopamine D2 receptors and are therefore useful for the labelling of dopamine D2 receptors in vivo and for the identification and quantification of the extent of dopamine supersensitivity in the bram in various stages of a dopamine-related disease.
CA2602643C	Composition for improving blood cholesterol levels	A nutritional composition for improving blood cholesterol by jointly and simultaneously inhibiting cholesterol absorption, decreasing blood LDL levels, increasing blood HDL levels and interfering with HMG-CoA reductase synthesis or degradation in an individual comprising, therapeutically effective amounts of plant sterols or plant stanols or derivatives thereof, procyanidins, policosanol and niacin or derivatives of niacin is provided. Both a composition and a method are provided by the present disclosure.
CA2612595A1	Compositions and methods affecting heat shock protein expression for improved muscle building	A nutritional composition comprising at least an effective amount of geranylgeranylacetone or derivative of geranygeranylacetone and/or paeoniflorin or derivative of paeoniflorin and an effective amount of Schisandrin B, wherein the ingredients act substantially simultaneously, via differing mechanism, to enhance the expression of heat shock protein in cells, particularly heat shock protein 72 in skeletal muscle. A method of same is also provided.
CA2616222C	Method for producing tiotropium salts comprising an esterification reaction of methylscopinium and a dithienyl derivative	The invention provides a process for preparation of tiotropium salts of Formula 1 (see formula 1) wherein a compound of Formula 2 (see formula 2) is reacted in one step with a compound of Formula 3 (see formula 3) in the presence of a solvent and a catalyst selected from the group consisting of zeolites, alkoxides, lipases and tertiary amines to obtain a compound of Formula 4 (see formula 4) and without being isolated, the compound of Formula 4 is converted to the compound of Formula 1 with a salt of Formula cat+X-.
CA2677854A1	Composition for treating xerostomia or dry mouth	The present invention provides a composition which comprises olive oil, trimethylglycine and xylitol for the treatment of xerostomy and disorders associated therewith, with very good results of increase in non-stimulated saliva flow, of relief of xerostomy symptoms, including the pain associated with xerostomy and also improvement in the quality of life of affected persons. The composition as per the invention has also been shown to protect dentin from demineralization in acid conditions.
CA2691425A1	Compositions for the treatment of hyperphenylalaninemia	The present invention relates to the use of specific types of compounds acting as pharmacological chaperones having a stabilizing activity op the phenylalanine hydroxylase (PAH) enzyme for the prophylaxis and/or treatment of hyperphenylalaninemia (HPA) and phenylketonuria (PKU) and diseases, disorders and conditions related thereto. Further, the present invention relates to pharmaceutical compositions containing the compounds according to the present invention as well as to methods of treatment of HPA, in particular, PKU and diseases, disorders and conditions related thereto.
CA2695844A1	Treatments and prevention of hydrocephalus	The present invention relates to the prevention or treatment of hydrocephalus. In one embodiment, the invention includes the use of one or more bioavailable folate derivatives, or salts thereof, for the prevention or treatment of hydrocephalus. Examples of more bioavailable folate derivatives that may be used include any combination of: folinic acid, tetrahydrofolate, thymidine, 10-formyltetrahydrofolate or methyltetrahydrofolate, or salts thereof. The invention also relates to a composition comprising two or more bioavailable folate derivative(s); for example, folinic acid and tetrahydrofolate.
CA2714200A1	Method for improving storage stability of glutathione	Provision of a method of improving preservation stability of glutathione in a solid composition containing glutathione and arginine, or a solid composition containing glutathione and arginine, which shows improved preservation stability of glutathione.  In the production of a solid composition containing glutathione and arginine, glutathione and arginine are made to be coexistent with an organic acid. Examples of the organic acid include citric acid, tartaric acid, ascorbic acid, malic acid, malonic acid, succinic acid, fumaric acid, maleic acid and the like. The amount of the organic acid to be coexistent with glutathione and arginine is generally 0.1 - 2 parts by weight relative to 1 part by weight of arginine.
CA2723564A1	Sialic acid to support the immune system in the elderly	The present invention generally relates to the field of the immune system, in particular to strengthening the immune system of the elderly. One embodiment of the present invention relates to the use of a food product enriched with sialic acid for the preparation of a composition to strengthen the immune system.
CA2730008A1	Eprosartan compositions	The disclosed invention relates to a method of treatment of a disorder modulated by blocking angiotensin I1 (All) receptors, and particularly selected from the group consisting of hypertension, congestive heart failure, renal failure, and combinations thereof, by administering to a subject in need thereof an effective dose of an eprosartan compound. With reference to the Recommended Effective Daily Dose of 600 mg, calculated on the basis of eprosartan administered in the form of eprosartan mesylate, it has now been found that a lower dose of eprosartan can be administered when the eprosartan compound is eprosartan acid. This dose is in the range of from 410 to 490 mg, most preferably about 450 mg.
CA2741984A1	Novel and potent tapentadol dosage forms	The present invention provides a dosage form comprising at least one form of tapentadol, with or without a second analgesic, and at least one opioid antagonist, wherein tapentadol is present in an optimal or suboptimal amount and the said antagonist is present in an amount effective to improve the efficacy and or reduce the side effects of tapentadol. The present invention further provides a method of treating pain and pain related conditions by administering to a patient in need thereof, a dosage form comprising at least one form of tapentadol, with or without a second analgesic, and at least one opioid antagonist, wherein tapentadol is present in an optimal or suboptimal amount and the said antagonist is present in an amount effective to improve the efficacy and or reduce the side effects of tapentadol.
CA2761068A1	Novel dosage regimens and methods for treatment, prevention, and/or management of at least one cns disorder	Dosage regimens for at least one compound chosen from lurasidone and pharmaceutically acceptable salts, solvates, clathrates, and stereoisomers thereof are disclosed as are kits and methods for treatment and/or prevention of at least one CNS disorder such as, for example, mixed depression and bipolar disorder, and management of at least one CNS disorder, such as improving quality of life and reversing impairment in learning and memory associated with schizophrenia, comprising administering to a patient a therapeutically or prophylactically effective amount of at least one compound chosen from lurasidone and pharmaceutically acceptable salts, solvates, clathrates, and stereoisomers thereof.
CA2797350A1	Co-crystal intermediates of rosuvastatin and methods of using same	which include such co-crystals and methods for treating conditions associated with hyper-cholesterolemia                                    Methods for the preparation of Rosuvastatin by co-crystals of Rosuvastatin or intermediates are provided. Also provided are co-crystals, pharmaceutical compositions by administering such compositions.
CA2837759A1	Novel antibacterial combination therapy	An antibacterial composition is provided including a combination of a ß-lactam antibiotic that has a binding affinity for bacterial penicillin-binding protein 2; and a non-antibiotic compound which may be a thienopyridine or a non-thienopyridine compound. A method of treatment using the composition is also provided.
CA2838659A1	Darunavir combination formulations	This invention relates to solid oral dosage forms of the HIV inhibitor Darunavir and/or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt or solvate thereof, and combination formulations thereof.
CA2852114A1	Sweet tart energy tablet	An energy tablet and method of manufacturing the same that successfully masks the bitter taste of caffeine which has precluded popularity of chewable energy tablets in the past.
CA2853872A1	Therapeutic combination of memantine and baclofen and pharmaceutical composition containing them	The present invention relates to the combination of memantine and baclofen active ingredients, and also to the method for achieving body weight loss and thereby treating obesity and related co-morbidities by co-administration of baclofen and memantine.
CA2856102A1	Tetrahydrocannabivarin (thcv) for use in the protection of pancreatic islet cells	The present invention relates to the phytocannabinoid tetrahydrocannabivarin (THCV) for use in the protection of pancreatic islet cells. Preferably the pancreatic islet cells to be protected are beta cells. More preferably the protection of the pancreatic islet cells maintains insulin production at levels which are able to substantially control or improve control of blood glucose levels in a patient.
CA2857096A1	Process for recovery of nalmefene hydrochloride	The present invention relates to an improved process for recovery of nalmefene hydrochloride [17-(cyclopropylmethyl)-4,5-alpha-epoxy-6-methylenemorphinan-3,14-diol hydrochloride] from an aqueous composition containing nalmefene and certain impurities.
CN100579530C	Stabilized compositions comprising therapeutically active agent, citric acid or conjugated base and chlorine dioxide	Citric acid and conjugate bases thereof are useful for stabilizing stabilized chlorine dioxide in the presence of therapeutically active agents and excipients in a composition. Ophthalmic compositions and methods related thereto are also disclosed herein.
CN100581544C	Injectable pharmaceutical composition for treatment and reversal of erectile dysfunction	An injectable pharmaceutical composition for treatment of erectile dysfunction. The composition includes prostaglandin E-1, and optionally further includes levsin and/or additional vasodilators such as diltiazem HC1, veparamill, chlorpromazine, d,L-hyoscyamine, and 6,7-dimethoxy-1-veratrylisoquinoline HC1. The composition is effective for long-term restoration of normal erectile function to a patient having erectile dysfunction. The ability to reverse erectile dysfunction may be further enhanced by the inclusion of vitamin B-6, B12, folic acid, and/or TPA. Also disclosed are methods for treatment and reversal of erectile dysfunction by injecting the pharmaceutical composition into the penis, either by subcutaneous or intracavernosal injection.
CN100581558C	Preparation of blood-activating and pain-stopping capsules	A process for preparing the capsule used for activating blood and relieving pain includes such steps as supercritical extracting to Chinese angelica root and frankincense to obtain volatile oil, including it with beta-cyclodextrin to obtain the included substance A, including borneol with beta-cyclodextrin to obtain the included substance B, extracting from the dregs generated by said supercritical extracting in alcohol to obtain alcohol extract, extracting from ground beetle and pyrite in water to obtain aquatic extract, pulverizing notoginseng to obtain superfine powder, mixing them together, granulating and filling in capsules.
CN100582235C	Use of krev alcohol in preparing tyrosinase inhibitor	Gram Liewei in the preparation tyrosinase inhibitor's application relates to one kind of gram Liewei to be mellow mellowly, which provides one kind to originate from mangrove forest endogenous fungus secondary metabolite gram Liewei mellowly in the preparation tyrosinase inhibitor application. The preparation method is: dwarf rods Aspergillus BYY-1 seed culture; submerged fermentation; broth filter strains; concentrated filtrate decompression after repeatedly using organic solvent extraction, collection and decompression organic phase was concentrated extracts; Extracts of the silica gel column chromatography and recrystallization obtained after refining grams Levy alcohol. The pharmacological experiments have confirmed that the compound significantly inhibited the activity of tyrosine, can be used for preparation of tyrosinase inhibitors and applied to pharmaceuticals, cosmetics and food. It may obtain through the fermentation system, raw material is rich, moreover the extraction purification method is simple, suits the formalization production.
CN100584851C	Phosphates of secondary alcohols	According to the invention, there is provided a phosphate derivative of a compound having a secondary hydroxy group. The compound having a secondary hydroxyl group may, for example, be chosen from pravastatin, atorvastatin venlafaxine, their derivatives and mixtures thereof.
CN100594024C	Permeability nose absorption type medicine for treating and preventing senile dementia, improving learning memory faculty and regulating blood brain barrier	A snuff for preventing and treating senile dementia, improving memory and regulating the permeability of blood brain barrier is prepared from the active component(s) chosen from eugenol, its salt, itsisomer and their mixture, and selective natural spice.
CN100594898C	Pharmaceutical composition of Silybin and preparation method thereof	The invention provides a silybin and phosphatidy lcholine compound which is prepared into capsules with high dissolving degree. The invention also provides a process for preparing the silybin and phosphatidy lcholine compound and its capsule medicament, the preparing process is characterized by simple manufacturing method, high yield and fitting for mass production.
CN100998584A	Medicine composition used for injection and its preparing method	A medicinal composition for injection, perfusion, or freeze-dried powder injection contains high-purity danshenolic acid A and high-purity danshenolic acid B. Its preparing process and quality control method are also disclosed.
CN100998603A	Liquid vitamic C compounded nanometer elementary selenium its preparation method and storage method	A liquid-phase nano-Se containing VC used as a bioactive health-care product stored in liquid phase is prepared through dropping the solution of selenium oxide or selenite into VC solution while stirring until the red color is not changed. It can be used to prepare medicines.
CN100999470B	Salvia minium phenolic acid A and process of preparing preparation and use	This invention concerns the method of extracting salvianolic acid A from Chinese crude drug: danshen root, and the quality control methods and drug combinations, and the application of this drug. It can be used in the preparation of the prevention drugs for cardiovascular disease, liver damage, liver fibrosis, pulmonary fibrosis and other.
CN101002760A	Application of chlorogenic acid for preparing medicine to treat diabetes complications	An application of the chlorogenic acid along with medicinal carrier and/or excipient in preparing the medicines for preventing and treating amplications of diabetes is disclosed.
CN101002768A	Series preparation of swainsonine, preparing method and use thereof	A series of spherosin medicines in the form of slowly-released tablet, slowly-released capsule, or injection for treating the tumor in digestive tract, leukemia, melanoma and AIDS, and its preparing process are disclosed.
CN101002790B	Slow releace tablets of clarithromycin, and its preparing method	A slowly-released tablet of clarithromycin contains proportionally clarithromycin, high-molecular adhesive, flow-assistant lubricant, pH regulator and sweetening agent. Its preparing process is also disclosed.
CN101002897A	Medicine for treating proganital lichen sclerosus disease	A medicine for treating the lichen sclerosus of vulva and hypoestrin vaginitis is prepared from 17 raw materials including allantoin, VE, concentrated fish liver oil, glycerin borate, and 13 Chinese-medicinal materials including cloves, liquorice root, borneol, etc.
CN101006986A	Medicinal composition containing mycophonolate mofetil and its preparation method	The invention relates to a medicinal composition containing mycophenolate mofetil, which can be prepared into dispersible tablets, thereby overcoming the shortcomings of difficult swallowing and weak medicine compliance existed in the conventional dose forms, as a result, the patients can administrate the medicament more easily. The invention relates to the process for preparing compositions containing mycophenolate mofetil.
CN101007018A	Bacteriostat-free water-soluble vitamin freeze-dried preparation for injection	Disclosed is an water soluble vitamin freeze-drying preparation containing no bacteria inhibitor, wherein each bottle of the preparation comprises constituents of aneurine mononitrate 2.79-3.41mg, riboflavin sodium phosphate 4.41-5.39mg, nicotinamide 36-44mg, chlorhydric pyridoxine 4.41-5.39mg, sodium pantothenate 14.85-18.15mg, vitamin C sodium 101.7-124.3mg, biotin 54-66mug, folic acid 0.36-0.44mg, vitamin B12 4.5-5.5mug, glycine 270-330mg, and dium ethylenediamine tetraacetate 0.45-0.55mg.
CN101007030A	Quality control methods of leaves of cordyalis esquirolii and its preparation	The invention discloses a method for controlling quality of turpinia ternata nakai and its preparation, wherein the index includes the constituents of gallic acid, apigenin-7-O-neohesperidoside, apigenin-7-O-2'-isodulcitolrutinoside, apigenin-7-O-beta-D-glucopyranoside and apigenin, and the quality control method includes the fingerprint pattern of turpinia ternate nakai and compositions containing same.
CN101007811A	Organic amine salt of cephalosporin compound and its preparation method	The invention relates to the organic amine salt or hydrate for ceph compound used for treating bacteria infection, and the chemical formula is demonstrated in (I).Said organic amine can be lycine, arginine, tert-butylamine, diethanolamine, triethanolamine, diethylamine or meglumine. It comprises cefuroxime organic amine salt, ceftriaxone organic amine salt, ceftezole organic amine salt, cefoperazone organic amine salt, cephalothin organic amine salt, cefotaxime organic amine salt, cefradine organic amine salt, cefonicid organic amine salt, cefmetazole organic amine salt, cefodizime organic amine salt, cefmenoxime organic amine salt, ceftizoxime organic amine salt, cefpiramide organic amine salt, cefazolin organic amine salt, cefoxitinorganic amine salt and flomoxef organic amine salr. The invention provides the medical compound taking compound in formula (I) as active element and its application to preparation of medicine for treating bacteria infection.
CN101007829A	1,6-diphospho-D-fructose ester arginine salt and its pharmaceutical uses	The invention disclose the arginine salt of 1, 6- diphosphoric acid- D- fructose esters in hydrate type, and one or more than one of the four function groups is salinized by arginine. The salt precipitation with 1, 6- diphosphoric acid- D- fructose esters and arginine solves problems of strong side effect of sodium fructose diphosphate, and starting circuit, high natremia risk. It is demonstrated through pharmacological test that arginine salt can cooperate with drug and the toxcity is low.
CN101011358A	Nanostructured liposome vector with highly effective antineoplastic activity	The invention relates to a nanometer liposome carrier with high-effect anti-tumor activity, which carries the anti-tumor Paclitaxel, while the liposome is formed by single lipid and liquid lipid, wherein, the liquid lipid is 5-20% of liposome, the Paclitaxel is 3.1-3.6% of solid liposome nanometer particles, and the diameter is 481-532nm. The invention has high-effect cell extraction and cell-pulp hold function via the nanometer liposome carrier, while the package on the anti-tumor drug whose molecule target is at the cell pulp can improve the adsorption of anti-tumor drug and improve the drug density at target part. The invention can improve the drug adsorption of tumor cell, reduce the drug distribution at normal cell, reduce the side effect and toxicity, and improve the effect.
CN101011363A	Slow release tablet of amoxicillin	The invention discloses slow release tablets of Amoxicillin and process for preparation, wherein the raw materials of the preparation include Amoxicillin of a predetermined proportion, slow release matrix material and medicinal material, the preparation can be prepared into solid dispersing agent, wherein the medicament can be released slowly and continuously after being administrated, the effective concentration in blood can be maintained, and long action can be achieved. The advantages of the invention include decreased frequency of medicinal administration, improved patient's adaptability, lowered blood concentration peak-valley, increased medicinal effect and safety, and reduced total medicinal dose, thereby optimum curative effect can be achieved through minimum dose, thus the preparation is more suitable for patients.
CN101011374A	Non-steroidal analgesic-antipyretic medicament paracetamol containing carboxyl group	The invention relates to a non-steroid analgesic-antipyretic acetaminopher which contains carboxy group, nalorphine, antiphon, arfonad, chlorostyrene, cyclobutyrol, chlofenamic acid, or the like, while it can improve the drug stability, reduce excitation on gastrointestinal tract, and effect.
CN101011376A	Self-emulsifying capsule of docetaxel and its preparation method	The invention relates to a method for preparing doxitasa self-emulsion capsule agent, which comprises doxitasa, oil, emulsifier, and auxiliary emulsifying agent. And the preparation comprises that dissolving the materials into oil via mixing or ultrasonic wave, adding emulsifier and auxiliary emulsifying agent, mixing or using ultrasonic wave to obtain uniform transparent solution; filling into capsule to obtain soft or hard capsule. The invention has simple process, high stability and high utilization.
CN101011439A	Collunarium or spraying preparation for treating nasal cavity inflammation and its preparation method	The invention relates to a method for preparing the naristillae or atomizing agent used to treat coryza. The inventive agent is prepared from bupleurum root extractive, baras camphor and medical liquid baras camphor, with anti-inflammation, and antibiosis functions or the like. The inventive drug will not hurt nasal, without excitation.
CN101011511A	Externally applied medicament for treating soft tissue injury	The invention relates to an externally-used medicinal composition for treating soft tissue injury, wherein the raw materials of the effective constituents comprise (by weight ratio) Sichuan aconite root 8-12, safflower 8-10, arisaema tuber 7-11, Rhododendron molle 8-12, Clematis chinensis 7-11, rhizome of Sichuan lovage 8-12, tetrandra root 7-11, corydalis tuber 8-12, Tripterygium wilfordii 7-11, peach kernel 7-11 and borneol 0.4-0.5.
CN101015559A	Instant gelling agent for treating allergic rhinitis	The invention belongs to the field of western medicinal preparation, and relates to a preparation with suitable phase variation, detention time prolonging effects and topically administered in nasal cavity, and its preparation method. The method comprises dispersing momestasone furoate or budesonide in hydrophilic gel substrate prepared from acetyl-removed gellan gum and sodium alginate in micro powder form. the gel preparation is prepared and stored in solution from, and administered in solution spraying form; generates phase variation due to the change of environmental ionic strength, pH, or temperature after contacting with tunica mucosa of nasal cavity, and forms gel. The invention has the advantages of simple preparation and accurate administered dose; can prolong the contact time of medicine and schneiderian membrane; and improves therapeutic effect of the medicine to anaphylactic rhinitis.
CN101019827A	Anticancer composition containing both phosphoinositide-3-kinase inhibitor and alkylating agent	The slow released anticancer injection containing both phosphoinositide-3-kinase inhibitor and alkylating agent consists of slow released microsphere and solvent. The slow released microsphere includes effective anticancer component and slow releasing supplementary material, and the solvent is common solvent or special solvent containing suspending agent. The suspending agent is sodium carboxymethyl cellulose, etc. and has viscosity of 100-3000 cp at 20-30 deg.c. The effective anticancer component is the combination of phosphoinositide-3-kinase inhibitor and/or alkylating agent selected from melphalan, cyclophosphamide, etc. The slow releasing supplementary material is p(LAEG-EOP), p(DAPG-EOP), etc. The anticancer composition may be also prepared into slow released implanting agent for use alone or together with chemotherapeutic and/or radiotherapeutic medicine.
CN101019851B	Medium chain fatty acid liposome and its preparation	The present invention is medium chain fatty acid liposome and its preparation. The medium chain fatty acid liposome is prepared with medium chain fatty acid 1 weight portions, phospholipid 5-20 weight portions, cholesterol 1-8 weight portions, and surfactant 1-5 weight portions. The medium chain fatty acid liposome has the advantages of stable quality, small and homogeneous size, high bioavailability, and encapsulating rate over 70 %.
CN101020062A	Hydrophilic polyglycol supported ursolic acid medicines and their prepn process	The present invention is serial hydrophilic polyglycol supported ursolic acid medicines obtained through organic synthesis and polymerization to grafting hydrophilic polyglycol onto cyclohydroxy group of ursolic acid A. The structure analysis and experiments show that activated polyglycol is grafted successfully onto ursolic acid said water insoluble ursolic acid becomes water soluble polyglycol-ursolic acid. Polyglycol-ursolic acid has excellent blood compatibility and high physiological activity, so that polyglycol supported ursolic acid medicines may be prepared into different forms, including injection, oral liquid, capsule, tablet, etc. The polyglycol has average molecular weight of 200-60,000.
CN101023925A	Anti-cancer composition containing chemical-therapy synergistic agent	The present invention relates to an anti-cancer medicine composition containing chemotherapeutic synergist. Said anti-cancer medicine composition is a slow-release injection formed from slow-release microsphere and solvent. Said slow-release microsphere includes anti-cancer effective component and slow-release auxiliary material, and its solvent is a special solvent containing suspension adjuvant. The anti-cancer effective component is the combination of alkylation agent, purine analogues and/or hormones anti-cancer medicine and synergist, the slow-release auxiliary material is selected from one of polylactic acid and its copolymer, polylactic acid copolymer or mixture and sebacic acid or their combination. The suspension adjuvant is selected from carboxymethyl cellulose, etc. and its viscosity is 80 cp-3000 cp. Said medicine composition also can be made into slow-release implantation preparation.
CN101023942A	Use of dihydro myricotin element for treating cardiac blood diseases	The present invention discloses an application of dihydromyricetin in preparation of medicine for preventing or curing angiocardiopathy. The animal tests show that the dihydromyricetin has the effect for resisting internal phlebothrombosis, can be used for effectively preventing angiocardiopathy due to thrombosis, for example cardiac disease and apoplexy. Said invention can be made into medicine or health-care product.
CN101028256A	Use of curcumin in medicine	An application of curcumin in preparing the orally taken medicine for treating acute viral hepatitis or toxic hepatitis is disclosed.
CN101028276A	Instant pyrobixi freeze-drying powdery injection and its production	An instant freeze-dried powder injection of pirarubicin is prepared from pirarubicin, excipient and cosolvent through proportionally dissolving them in the water for injection, aseptic filtering, loading in containers, and freeze-drying.
CN101028510B	Snake gallbladder for artificial medicine and its production	An artificial medical snake gall powder is a solid powder mixture prepared by taurocholic acid, chicken bile dry extract, cholesterol, mucoprotein, ZnSO4.7H2O, calcium gluconate, sodium bicarbonate and taurine, and optional taurodeoxycholic acid and/or the extract of rabbit bile dry extract. An artificial medical snake gall liquid is prepared by dissolving the artificial medical snake gall powder in an ethanol solution with the concentration of 25%-50%, which has extremely similar compositions and pharmacologic effect with the high-quality natural snake gall, has remarkable antitussive effect, expectorant effect, antiasthmatic effect, anti-inflammatory effect and the like, has no obvious toxic and side effect, and is an ideal substitute for the natural medical snake gall.
CN101032499A	Application of centella triterpenes in the preparing of medicine for preventing and curing liver fibrosis	The present invention discloses the application of asiaticoside in preparing medicine for preventing and treating hepatic fibrosis. By means of the effect of asiaticoside on hepatic fibrosis of rat, the present invention proves the effect of asiaticoside in antagonizing hepatic fibrosis. Therefore, asiaticoside may be used as the active component for medicine to treat hepatic fibrosis.
CN101036654B	Stable cefoperazone sulbactam medicine compound preparation	The invention discloses a stable compound preparation of cefoperazone-sulbactam drug, which is comprised by cefoperazone acid, sulbactam and latent solvent, which weight ratio is 8~1:1:6~0.06. The latent solvent is preferred selected from sodium carbonate and sodium bicarbonate. Related substances of the compound preparation in the invention are lower than standard of Chinese pharmacopoeia (2005 edition) in influencing factor and accelerated test in 40 DEG C, labelled content accords with the standard of the pharmacopoeia and changes very little in the experiment, and the product quality is more stable than cefoperazone sodium and sulbac during period of validity.
CN101036678A	Gynura procumbens organic acid preparing method and the application	The invention discloses a method for preparing gynura procumbens (Lour.) organic acid and the use thereof. The organic acid total ingredients are obtained by organic extracting the gynura procumbens whole herb and absorbing by macroporous resin, and the organic acid contains various chemical ingredients such as chlorogenic acid, new chlorogenic acid (chlorogenic acid and its derivatives 3~5-dioxygen-caffeoyl quinic acid and 4~5-dioxygen-caffeoyl quinic acid) and hydroxyl lactic acid, etc. The organic acid can be used as various diseases medicine material of antibiosis, antiphlogosis, antivirus, anti-influenza or anti-hepatitis B and the like, or as medicine material of herpes caused by filter authenticity pathogen, etc.
CN101040860A	Pharmaceutical composition for treatment of lower urinary tract diseases	The invention relates to a drug compound for treating disease of lower urinary tract, which comprises drug active component, drug carrier or shaping agent, wherein the drug active component is terraazoles and amiloripin. The disease of lower urinary tract relates to prostatitis increment, lower urinary tract syndrome and bladder excessive activities, in particular to treat lower urinary tract syndrome and bladder excessive activities induced by prostatitis increment. And the inventive drug can be used treat the high blood pressure concomitant with lower urinary tract, to effectively control blood pressure and resolve the lower urinary tract disease, compared with single terraazoles or amiloripin drug, to improve the health quality of patient.
CN101040869A	Nanometer elemental selenium coupled with liquid amino acid and the method for preparing and preserving the same	The invention discloses a method for preparing nanometer monomer selenium via coupling liquid amino acid, comprising that at normal temperature and normal pressure, adding vitamin C solution into amino acid solution, mixing uniformly and adding selenious anhydride or selenite solution until the product has held red, to obtain the liquid coupled product of amino acid and nanometer selenium. The nanometer monomer selenium can be used as medical health-care product to display the cooperation between amino acid and nanometer selenium, while the nanometer selenium gel has small diameter, narrow distribution and liquid storage, to develop oral, injection or the like.
CN101045041A	Cataplasma containing ibuprofen its preparing method and application	A paster for antipyresis containing ibuprofen is composed of a substrate layer, a gel layer and a protective film. Its preparing process includes such steps as uniformly dispersing the hydrophilic gel, adhesive, ibuprofen, surfactant, percutaneous promoter, filler and water-insoluble cross-linking agent in humectant by stirring to obtain phase A, uniformly dispersing water-soluble cross-linking agent and other water-soluble substance in water by stirring to obtain phase B, mixing phase A with phase B by stirring in a certain vacuum degree to obtain gel, coating it on a non-woven cloth, covering it with a protective film, and cutting by needed sizes.
CN101045060A	External use medicine containing tetramethylpyrazine GC glucocorticoid with its skin side-effects reducing obviously	An exterior-applied composite medicine for preventing and treating dermatopathy with obviously decreased by-effect contains ligustrazine and glucocorticoid.
CN101045149A	Medicine composition and its preparing method	A medicinal composition is prepared from gentamycin, amitriptyline, honey, and 11 Chinese-medicinal materials including notoginseng, peach kernel, fennel, borax, etc. Its preparing process is also disclosed.
CN101045155A	Method for the therapeutic management of extrauterine proliferation of endometrial tissue, chronic pelvic pain and fallopian tube obstruction	The present invention provides a method for therapeutic management of extrauterine proliferation of endometrial tissue, chronic pelvic pain and fallopian tube obstruction by short term induction treatment with an LH-RH antagonist for 4 to 12 weeks. According to another aspect of the present invention, the short term LH-RH treatment is followed by the combined or separate administration of one or more active agents selected from the group consisting of a contraceptive, preferably an oral contraceptive, a non-steroidal anti-rheumatic agent, an analgetic, an androgen other than a 17-alpha-alkyl substituted testosterone or any combinations thereof. According to a further aspect of the present invention a pharmaceutical composition comprising an LHRH antagonist and one or more active agents selected from the group consisting of a contraceptive, preferably an oral contraceptive, a non-steroidal anti-rheumatic agent, an analgetic, an androgen other than a 17-alpha-alkyl substituted testosterone or any combinations thereof are provided.
CN101045704A	An improved process for preparing pure ondansetron hydrochloride dihydrate	An improved method for preparing dimethylamino-methyl-carbazolone and ondansetron base. A recrystallization process for preparing pure ondansetron hydrochloride dihydrate with a purity of at least 99.0% is also disclosed.
CN101049362A	External remedy for treating onychomycosis	An external-applied medicine for treating onychomycosis is proportionally prepared from fluorescent sophora root powder, boric acid, benzoic acid, salicylic acid, the liquid extract of Chinese prickly ash and glycerin.
CN101050216B	Method for synthesizing medication Entecavir of anti hepatitis B	This invention discloses a method for synthesizing entecavir as an anti-hepatitis B drug. The method is characterized by: diphenyl methylchlorosilane is utilized as a protective agent is step 1, and cyclohexyl methanol is utilized as an esterifying agent in step 4. The method has such advantages as low cost, high drug purity and high yield, and is suitable for industrialization.
CN101053565A	Vaginal tablets containing coltrimazole	The invention relates to a clotrimazole vaginal tablet with good melting time limit and no partial stimulation. The tablet is used for treating epiphyte, usually colpitis caused by candidiasis or mildew and purulent leucorrhoea caused by microzyme.
CN101054403A	Novel antibiotic Chemomycin A, B, C, D and preparation method thereof	The present invention relates to a group of novel compound Chemomicin B,C,D and its preparation method, pharmaceutical composition containing Chemomicin B,C,D as active ingredients and its uses of Chemomicin B,C,D in preparing antineoplastic drug. Chemomicin B,C,D is Angucyclinone antibiotic separated from Nocardia Mediterranei Var.Kanglensis 1747-64 culture. In vitro activity test prove Chemomicin B,C,D has strong suppressing activity for human oesophagus cancer cell KYSE150 and has good development prospect as a novel antineoplastic drug.
CN101058610A	Codonopsisbulleyana polysaccharide sulfate and use thereof	The invention discloses a polysaccharide sulfate and application of Codonopsis bulleyana with biological activity, which is composed of xylose, fructose and glucose connected through 1-6 (or non-reducing end), 1-4 and 1-3 glycosidic bond, wherein the product is based on Codonopsis bulleyana polysaccharide as raw material disposed by sulphonating agent with sulfation degree at 0. 5-2. 5; the sulphonating agent consists of chlorosulfonic acid and pyridine with bulk rate at 1:2-8; the invention possesses stronger HIV and single herpetoviridae virus resistant activity, which is low harmful for human cell, therefore fitting for preparing, preventing or treating the agent of HIV and single herpetoviridae virus.
CN101062049A	Medical combination of teniposide, the preparing method and the function thereof	The invention discloses a medicinal component of substitute nipa glycosides, which is characterized by the following: incorporating substitute nipa glycosides, Tuwen surface activator, assisting solvent and inorganic salt; choosing the assisting solvent as mixture of dimethyl ethanolamine and carbowax; choosing the inorganic salt from one or multiple common salt, potassium chloride, sulphate and sulphate; setting this component as injection or freeze dry powder needle; adding into Tuwen and the assisting dissolvent; adding into the inorganic salt at the same time; increasing solubility of substitute nipa glycosides. This invention also relates to the preparing method and usage of this medicinal component.
CN101062118A	Chewing gum having functions of preventing and treating decayed tooth and the preparing method thereof	The invention relates to a chewing gum for preventing caries and process for preparation, wherein the chewing gum is prepared from green tea polyphenols, powder of honeysuckle flower, giant knotweed rhizome powder, vitamin C, phosphatide, xylitol, glue base and flavoring essence through mixing homogeneously.
CN101062293A	Novel medicine for giving up drug	The invention relates to a novel medicament for drug abstinence which comprises the following constituents (by weight ratio): acanthopanax root 18-30%, polygala root 6-12%, dendrobium 9-16%, notoginseng 3-10%, ginseng 10-24%, ginkgo leaves 24-34%, atropine sulfate 0. 05-1. 5%, ansiolin 0. 05-1. 0%. The medicament can be prepared into capsules, granules and tablets through conventional processes.
CN101062936A	Novel betulic acid type triterpenoid	The invention discloses a betulic acid type triterpenoid, which is characterized by the following: making the chemical structural formula as picture; possessing strong against HIV active with EC50 less than 0. 064mug/ml, CC50 as 98. 43 mug/ml and Ti as 1538; overcoming the problem of easy to generate drug tolerance. This invention is preparing clinical test, which will possess important meaning for against HIV new medicine exploitation.
CN101074259A	Saponin compound, its production and use	A saponin compound, its production and use are disclosed. The process is carried out by extracting while separating from gray coactus honeysuckle bud and purifying to obtain gray coactus lonicerin. It is made in vitro-inhibiting experiment and experiment for mouse dimethyl benzene inflammation. It can be used as PlA2 inhibitor and anti-inflammatory medicine.
CN101077354A	Technology for preventing and treating animal nutritional diarrhea	The present invention is non-medicine additive for preventing and treating animal' s nutritional diarrhea. The non-medicine additive consists of lactein 60-80 wt%, glucose 20-40 wt%, and vitamins 0.01-0.2 wt%. The non-medicine additive is superior to antibiotic, which has medicine resistance, medicine residue and lower treating effect, and can ensure the health of animal and the safety of animal product.
CN101081208A	Slow-release injection containing tyrosine kinase restraining agent and platinum compound	The slow released anticancer injection containing tyrosine kinase inhibitor and/or platinum compound consists of slow released microsphere and solvent. The slow released microsphere includes effective anticancer components of tyrosine kinase inhibitor and/or platinum compound and slow releasing supplementary material, and the solvent is common solvent or special solvent containing suspending agent. The suspending agent is carboxymethyl cellulose, etc. and has viscosity of 100-3000 cp at 20-30 deg.c. The slow releasing supplementary material is selected from p(LAEG-EOP), p(DAPG-EOP), p(BHET-EOP/TC), etc. The anticancer composition may be also prepared into slow released implant, and the released injection and slow released implant may be injected or set in tumor for slow releasing to maintain effective medicine concentration for over 50 days, and has obviously lowered systemic reaction on the medicine and capacity of enhancing the chemotherapeutic and radiotherapeutic effect.
CN101081211A	Water indissoluble carbostyrile compound injection and method for preparing the same	The present invention relates to injection of water insoluble quinolone compound, such as Tosufloxacin besilate and prulifloxicin.
CN101081226A	Novel use of medicine	The present invention provides new use of arctiin, and is especially the application of arctiin in preparing medicine for preventing and treating chronic renal failure and renal fiberosis.
CN101084868A	Skin beauty water	The invention discloses skin water prepared from natural substance, which has skin caring, pucker eliminating, macula removing, toxic substances clearing, antibiotic, and anti-inflammatory effects and has no adverse side effect. The skin is prepared from alum, Fructus mume, Angelica sinensis, Panax notoginseng, Astragalus membranaceus, Galla Chinensis, and wild rice stem by mixing at certain weight ratio and soaking in vinegar for 15 days. The invention can be used for treating multiple dermatoses through external inunction and also can be used for skin caring.
CN101084889B	Ginkgolide freezing-dried powder injection and preparation method thereof	The invention discloses a bilobalide pharmaceutical preparation and its preparation method, more specifically relates to a bilobalide freeze-dried injection and its preparation method. The bilobalide freeze-dried injection comprises bilobalide, metal alcali or meglumine, and povidone. The preparation method comprises the following steps weighing metal alcali or meglumine, manna sugar and povidone, adding water for injection, heating, stirring for dissolving, adding bilobalide, stirring until all the material is dissolved, cooling to room temperature, regulating pH to 7-10, filtering, and freeze drying. The invention solves the problem of redissolution of bilobalide freeze-dry powder in application.
CN101085104A	Application of aqueous solution containing nicotine in preparing stop smoking medicine	The invention relates to the use of nicotine aqueous solution in preparing medicaments for abstaining from tobacco, furthermore, the nicotine aqueous solution is tobacco extract which has the advantages of quick effect and stabilized action.
CN101085354A	Anticancer composition containing semustine	An anti-cancer composition comprises anti-cancer effective ingredient selected from tyrosine kinase inhibitor and/or uramustine and sustained release adjuvant, and can be made into sustained release injection and sustained release implant agent. Sustained release injection also comprises special dissolvant containing suspending agent. The Suspending agent has a viscocity of 100cp-3000cp (at 20deg.C-30deg.C) and is selected from sodium carboxymethylcellulose, and so on. the sustained release adjuvant is selected from p(LAEG-EOP), p(DAPG-EOP), p(BHET-EOP/TC), p(BHET-EOP/TC), p(BHDPT-EOP/TC), p( BHDPT-EOP/TC), p(CHDM-HOP) or p(CHDM-EOP).Slow releasing injection and implantable agent can keep high medicinal concentration in tumour part through slow releasing for over 60 days after being injected or implanted in or around tumour. The anticancer composition may also be prepared into sustained-release implant. It can reduce systemic toxic reaction of anticancer drugs, and also selectively improve the therapeutic effect of non-operative therapy such as chemotherapy.
CN101088997A	Improved process of preparing Raltitrexed	The improvement in the process of preparing Raltitrexed as antitumor medicine includes the reaction between N-(5-aminothienyl-2-formoxyl)-L-diethyl glutarate and methyl iodide at temperature raised to 100 deg.c in lucifugous condition with yield raised to 91 %; the replacement of sodium sulfide for iron powder as reductant to facilitate post-treatment and raise yield; the replacement of re-crystallization in mixed solvent of methanol and ether for column separation to expand the production capacity; and oxidizing 5-nitrothienyl-2-formaldehyde with chromic acid, rather than bromine, to eliminate toxicity and raise safety. The improved preparation process of Raltitrexed has high yield, great production capacity, low solvent consumption and high safety.
CN101091700B	Composition of slow (controlled) releasing preparation of Quetiadine Hemifumarate, and application	The present invention discloses a quithiopine fumarate slow (controlled) release preparation and its application. Its preparation composition includes (by wt%) 27-50% of quithiopine fumarate, 2-7% of organic acid, 40-50% of water-soluble macromolecule, 2-7% of enteric solubility material, 0.1-2% of wax and 2-7% of water-insoluble macromolecule. Said preparation can be effectively used for curing schizophrenia.
CN101092433A	Cis [( trans 1R, 2R 1,2 cyclohexane diamine) .(beta ¿C phenyl isosuccinic acid radical) platinum (ó )] complexes, and usage as anticancer medicine	This invention relates to a novel Pt complex, cis-[(trans-1R,2R-1,2-cyclohexane diamine).(beta-phenyl isosuccinic acid)Pt(II)]. The method comprises: reacting K2PtCl4 and KI to obtain K2PtI4, reacting with carrying group A2 (trans-1R, 2R-1, 2-cyclohexane diamine) to obtain cis-[Pt (II) A2I2] intermediate, quatitatively reacting with AgNO3, filtering to separate AgI, adding disodium beta-phenyl isosuccinate into the mother liquor to precipitate the Pt complex, and recrystallizing in a system of water and DMSO (1:1) to obtain the pure product. The Pt complex has such advantages as high anticancer activity, high stability and easy preparation, and can be used for treating cancers. The IC50 of the Pt complex is obviously lower than that of cisplatin, carboplatin and any other complex of the same kind.
CN101095658A	Policresulen gelling agent, method for preparation the same and the pharmaceutical use thereof	The invention relates to a policresulen gel product, which comprises policresulen solution with its concentration being 45-55% and proportion being 2.0-6.0%, sodium carboxymethyl cellulose (CMC-Na)with proportion being 2.0-6.0% and glycerin with proportion being 10-15%. The invention also provides a method for preparing said gel product, which comprises steps of adding CMC-Na into hot purified water for swelling for 12 hours, adding glycerin and stirring evenly, adding policresulen into CMC-Na solution, or adding some preservative agent, stirring and adding more purified water, and getting policresulen gel product. The gel product is characterized by stable property, strong adhesive ability to mucosa and good skin accidental union effect, prolonged retention time for policresulen in vaginal and improved medicine absorption, increased biological utilization rate and curative effect, favor for water soluble medicine release, and clinical practicability.
CN101095675A	Dipeptidyl peptidase IV effectors	The invention relates to dipeptide compounds or compounds analogous to dipeptide compounds, which are made of an amino acid and a thiazolidine or pyrrolidine group, and to their salts. The invention further relates to the use of these compounds in the treatment of impaired glucose tolerance, glucosuria, hyperlipidemia, metabolic acidoses, diabetes mellitus, diabetic neuropathy and nephropathy as well as secondary diseases of diabetes mellitus in mammals.
CN101095868A	Medicine composition for treating colitis and method of making the same	The invention provides a pharmaceutical composition for treating colitis and its preparing process, wherein the medicinal composition is prepared from pseudostellaria root 25-35g, white atractylodes rhizome 10-15g, dried orange peel 5-9g, poria cocos wolf 12-15g, licorice root 3-8g, coix seed 25-35g, slices of aconite 8-12g, root of herbaceous peony 10-20g, coptis root 1-5g, prepared dark Japanese plum 8-12g, ledebouriella root 8-12g, kudzuvine root 8-12g, rifampicin 1-5g, pipemidic acid 4-8g and metronidazole 7-11g through steps of disintegrating, mixing, sieving, and making into various preparation, in particular capsules by the conventional preparing method.
CN101099739A	Enrofloxacin gelatine microball and its preparation method	The present invention relates to an enrofloxacin gelatin microsphere and its preparation method. It is characterized by that it uses type A gelatin as carrier, uses enrofloxacin as medicine to be carried and adopts an emulsification-condensation process to prepare the invented gelatin microsphere which can take the lung as target organ after intravenous injection. The average grain size of said microspheres is 12 micrometers.
CN101099744A	Medicinal composition with anti-tumor synergistic interaction	The present invention relates to a medicine composite with antitumor synergistic action. Said medicine composite contains antibiotic erythromycin and spaxacin. Said medicine composite can be combined with chemotherapeutic medicine 5-fluorouracil or vincristine to make combined application so as to attain the goal of curing tumor. The invented medicine composite has the obvious synergistic action for curing tumor.
CN101100453A	Method for synthesizing ifenprodil tartrate	Preparation of tartaric acid ifenprodil is carried out by 4-hydroxy-phenpropionate as initial raw material, reacting with copper bromide to remove copper ion, preparing into intermediate 1-(4-oxyphenyl)-2-bromopropane-1-ketone, condensation reacting with 4-benzyl pyridine to obtain intermediate, hydrogenation reducing intermediate 1-(4-hydroxy-phenyl)-2-(4-benzyl pyridine) propane-1-keto-hydro-bromic acid salt to obtain ifenprodil, and salting with tartaric acid to obtain final product.
CN101103992A	Azithromycin eye drops and preparing process thereof	The invention discloses azithromycin eye drops and the preparation. The eye drops is a stable ophthalmic preparation made by azithromycin or axithromycin salt as the active ingredient which is assisted by a stabilizer, a pH regulator, an antiseptic, an isotonic agent and a pasting agent; wherein the optimized stabilizer is propanetriol, the pH regulator is sodium phosphate buffer, the antiseptic is Ethyl p-hydroxybenzoate, the isotonic agent is sodium chloride and the pasting agent is sodium hyaluronate. Compared with oral delivery, the invention has the advantages of less dose, small side effect on a whole body, direct absorption at the ocular region, quick achieving effective antibacterial concentration and quick developing treating function; and compared with ophthalmic gel or ophthalmic ointment, the invention has the advantages of convenient application and good tolerance for a patient; thus the reasonable preparation process and stable performance of the invention guarantees the clarity and stability of eye drops.
